CLEAR is building THE secure identity company of the future. Our mission is to make experiences safer and easier—physically and digitally. With more than 38 million Members and a growing network of partners across the world, CLEAR's secure identity platform is transforming the way people live, work, and travel. Whether it’s at the airport, stadium, or throughout your everyday life, CLEAR unlocks the magic of frictionless experiences.

Reporting to the Manager, Airport Operations Training, the Learning & Development Generalist supports the design, coordination, and delivery of training programs that strengthen CLEAR’s frontline and leadership performance.

This role blends administrative precision, instructional design, and facilitation skills to ensure consistent learning experiences across locations. Acting as a connector between field teams, program managers, and content developers, the Learning & Development Generalist ensures learning initiatives are organized, accessible, and impactful.

 

What you'll do:

Coordinate training logistics, including scheduling, LMS assignments, calendars, attendance tracking, and certification records
Support the development and maintenance of learning materials, including slides, facilitator guides, job aids, and SOP summaries
Manage LMS content by uploading, testing, and maintaining training programs and resources
Facilitate virtual and in-person training sessions, gathering learner feedback to continuously improve programs
Partner cross-functionally with L&D and Operations teams to streamline processes and enhance training effectiveness
Travel up to 40% of the time to engage with field teams and support training

 

How you'll measure success:

Achievement of location-level security, service, and sales goals across training programs
Accuracy and timeliness of training records, attendance tracking, and certification documentation
Learner feedback and satisfaction scores from facilitated or coordinated sessions
Speed and quality of material updates and job aid production in support of program launches

 

What you're great at:

1-2+ years of experience in learning & development, training coordination, or related field
Excellent organizational and project management skills with high attention to detail
Experience supporting virtual and in-person learning environments
Basic instructional design capability (e.g., editing slides, job aids, or e-learning modules)
Confident facilitator or co-facilitator for small group sessions and onboarding
Excellent communication and relationship-building skills across multiple teams and levels
Passion for CLEAR’s mission and for enhancing the learning experience for frontline teams
Proficiency with Google Workspace; LMS and authoring tools (Rise, Synthesia) familiarity preferred

 

How You'll be Rewarded:

At CLEAR, we help YOU move forward - because when you’re at your best, we’re at our best. You’ll work with talented team members motivated by our mission of making experiences safer and easier. Our offices are bright and energetic with an open concept and plenty of conference rooms and casual co-working spaces. We also offer catered lunches every day and have fully stocked kitchens. Outside of the office, we invest in your well-being and learning & development with stipends and reimbursement programs. 

We offer holistic total rewards, including comprehensive healthcare plans, family-building benefits (fertility and adoption/surrogacy support), flexible time off, annual wellness stipend, free OneMedical memberships for you and your dependents, a CLEAR Plus membership, and a 401(k) retirement plan with employer match. The total compensation range for this role is $90,000 - $120,000, depending on levels of skills and experience.

This range represents the combined base salary and new hire equity package (in Restricted Stock Units) for this position at CLEAR. Additionally, this role will be eligible for refresh equity grants as part of our ongoing compensation program. Actual compensation will vary based on factors including, but not limited to, location, education, skills, experience, and performance. All stock based compensation will be subject to the terms and conditions of applicable agreements.

CLEAR provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities or protected needs. Please let us know if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include, but are not limited to, time off, extra breaks, making a change to the application process or work procedures, policy exceptions, providing documents in an alternative format, live captioning or using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

We are committed to a transparent and secure hiring process. All communications related to this role will come directly from a CLEAR employee through valid CLEAR channels (e.g., a valid @clearme.com email address or verified CLEAR LinkedIn profile). We encourage candidates to remain alert to job scams and to report any suspicious activity.

… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)