URL: https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/chime/jobs/8326233002?gh_jid=8326233002

Back to jobs
Senior People Partner
San Francisco, CA, USA
Apply
About the role 

Chime is looking for a Senior People Partner to collaborate closely with our high performing business functions to help shape the future of our business. 

In this role, you’ll be a strategic advisor and trusted partner to technical leaders, aligning business objectives with innovative People solutions. You’ll wear many hats—leadership coach, org designer, workforce planner, talent steward, and program champion— while cultivating a high-performing, engaged, and inclusive culture that enables our teams to build industry-leading products for everyday people.

If you’re energized by helping technical organizations grow sustainably and thrive in a fast-paced, iterative environment where people come first, we’d love to meet you.

The base salary offered for this role and level of experience will begin at $130,000 and up to $180,000. Full-time employees are also eligible for a bonus, competitive equity package, and benefits. The actual base salary offered may be higher, depending on your location, skills, qualifications, and experience.  

In this role, you can expect to
Partner with business leaders and fellow People Partners to develop and implement people strategies that align with business objectives, drive talent growth, retention, engagement, and development.
Provide thought partnership on workforce planning, including team structure, skills evolution, and hiring prioritization.
Anticipate challenges and opportunities by helping leaders ‘see around corners’, offering proactive guidance and insights that inform smarter organizational and talent decisions.
Coach and empower technical managers by providing guidance on leadership challenges, performance management, team dynamics, and navigating complex people challenges across the employee lifecycle.
Work cross-functionally to plan and effectively communicate organizational changes, advocating for the needs of your business groups while facilitating effective training and messaging.
Partner with People Operations and People Partners to align our culture with reward strategies, ensuring fairness, internal equity and employee satisfaction.
Champion and nurture a strong, inclusive culture within business teams, acting as a trusted advisor and advocate for employees to ensure voices are heard and respected.
Advocate for the needs, perspectives, and challenges of each team by partnering with People Centers of Excellence (COEs) and enablement functions for tailored solutions.
Play an active role in influencing business outcomes through company-wide people initiatives.
Lead complex employee relations cases with the support of our Legal & Compliance partners to ensure timely, fair and compliant solutions that align with our company values and policies.
To thrive in this role, you have
6+ years of HR business partner experience, including direct support of technical organizations (Engineering, Product, Data, IT, and/or Design).
Expertise in building trusting relationships with leaders at all levels; with the ability to strike a balance between strategic partnership-building and getting things done.
Proven ability to coach and develop managers and leaders, guiding them through challenges across the employee lifecycle.
Strong ability to understand business objectives, metrics, and operational challenges to provide people-focused solutions.
Experience navigating complex employee relations issues, handling investigations, and ensuring fair outcomes.
Skilled in planning, communicating, and leading teams through organizational changes.
Comfort in a fast-paced, evolving environment with the ability to navigate ambiguity and offer innovative solutions.
Sense of empathy and understanding for supporting the needs of diverse groups of talent.
A passion for advocating for others, speaking up even when it's difficult, and helping people grow and succeed.

#LI-MM1 #LI-Hybrid

A little about us

At Chime, we believe that everyone can achieve financial progress. We created Chime—a financial technology company, not a bank*—on the premise that core banking services should be helpful, easy, and free. Through our user-friendly tools and intuitive platforms, we empower our members to take control of their finances and work towards their goals. Whether it's starting a savings account, purchasing a first car or home, launching a business, or pursuing higher education, we're proud to have helped millions unlock their financial potential.

We're a team of problem solvers, dreamers, and builders with one shared obsession: our members. From day one, Chimers have worked tirelessly to out-hustle and out-execute competitors to bring our mission to life. Their grit and determination inspire us to work harder every day to deliver the very best experience possible. We each bring an owner's mindset to our work, refusing to be outdone and holding ourselves accountable to meet and exceed the highest bars for our teams, our company, and our members.

We believe in being bold, dreaming big, and taking risks, while also working together, embracing our diverse perspectives, and giving each other honest feedback. Our culture remains deeply entrepreneurial, encouraging every Chimer to see themselves as stewards of our mission to help everyday Americans unlock their financial progress. 

We know that to achieve our mission, we must earn and keep people's trust—so we hold ourselves to the highest standards of integrity in everything we do. These aren't just words on a wall—our values are embedded in every aspect of our business, serving as a north star that guides us as we work to help millions achieve their financial potential.

Because if we don't—who will?

*Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A., Members FDIC.

What we offer for our full-time, regular employees
🏢 Our in-office work policy is designed to keep you connected - with four days a week in the office and Fridays from home for those near one of our offices, plus team and company-wide events depending on location. Whether you’re coming in regularly or are part of our fully remote program, you’ll stay engaged with your work and teammates.
💻 In-office perks including backup child, elder, and/or pet care, plus a subsidized commuter benefit to support your regular commute
💰 Competitive salary based on experience
✨ 401k match plus great medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
🏝 Generous vacation policy and company-wide Chime Days, bonus company-wide paid days off
🫂 1% of your time off to support local community organizations of your choice
👟 Annual wellness stipend to use towards eligible wellness related expenses
👶 Up to 24 weeks of paid parental leave for birthing parents and 12 weeks of paid parental leave for non-birthing parents
👪 Access to Maven, a family planning tool, with $15k lifetime reimbursement for egg freezing, fertility treatments, adoption, and more.
🎉 In-person and virtual events to connect with your fellow Chimers—think cooking classes, guided meditations, music festivals, mixology classes, paint nights, etc., and delicious snack boxes, too!
💚 A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help millions unlock financial progress

We know that great work can’t be done without a diverse team and inclusive environment. That’s why we specifically look for individuals of varying strengths, skills, backgrounds, and ideas to join our team. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage to better serve our members and helps us all grow as Chimers and individuals.

Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis under provincial, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, or ordinances. We will also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of state and local laws, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Cook County Ordinance, NYC Fair Chance Act, and the LA City Fair Chance Ordinance, and consistent with Canadian provincial and federal laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation during any stage of the application process, please contact: benefits@chime.com.

To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Chime Financial, Inc? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.

Create alert
Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field

Quick Apply with MyGreenhouse
First Name*
Last Name*
Preferred First Name*
Email*
Phone
Country*
Phone*
Resume/CV*
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Cover Letter
Attach
Attach
Dropbox
Google Drive
Enter manually
Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

LinkedIn Profile*
How did you hear about this job?*
Are you currently eligible to work legally in the United States of America?*
Select...
Do you now or in the future require immigration support or visa sponsorship to continue working in the United States?*
Select...
Do you acknowledge that this is a hybrid role based in San Francisco and you will be required to come into the office four days a week?*
Select...
Are you currently subject to any agreement with a former employer/third party (such as a non-solicitation or non-compete agreement) that may potentially limit your ability to perform the duties of the position you are applying for? If yes, you may be asked to provide a copy for review. Please note, answering "yes" will not disqualify your application from consideration.*
Select...
Chime Demographic Questions

 

At Chime we are committed to providing a welcoming and inclusive work environment, and that starts with our application process. To hold ourselves accountable for equitable and inclusive hiring practices, we ask candidates to voluntarily complete the following survey that helps us in our efforts to ensure equal employment opportunities.

We believe that diversity, equity, and belonging—DEB— is essential to our ability to help our diverse member base and continue delivering on our mission to provide them with financial peace of mind. Anyone who wants to work with us will be considered without regard to their race/ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

Your responses will be reported in aggregate only. Please be assured that your responses (or choosing not to identify) will have zero impact on your candidacy; this information is maintained confidentially and always stored separately from your application.

This information will be stored in Greenhouse (you can review Greenhouse’s privacy policy here). Access inside Chime to this information is restricted to selected members of the People team, who are committed to keeping details confidential.. Greenhouse will retain this information, along with the rest of the information provided in your application, 18 months from your application date, after which all application information will be anonymized and stored only in that form. Once information is anonymized, neither we nor Greenhouse can determine the individual to whom it once belonged.

 

I identify my gender as:*
Select...
I identify as:*
Select...
I identify my sexual orientation as:*
Select...
Veteran Status:*
Select...
I have a disability:*
Select...
I identify my race/ethnicity as (please mark all that apply):*
Select...
By checking this box, I consent to Chime Financial, Inc collecting, storing, and processing my responses to the demographic data surveys above.*
Submit application

Powered by