URL: https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/sierra/48fb4d34-8622-45fc-9fca-f8f20b6d034a

People Operations
Location

San Francisco, CA

Employment Type

Full time

Location Type

On-site

Department

Operations
HR

Compensation
$160K – $200K • Offers Equity
Overview
Application
About us

At Sierra, we’re creating a platform to help businesses build better, more human customer experiences with AI. We are primarily an in-person company based in San Francisco, with growing offices in Atlanta, New York, London, Paris, Madrid, Munich, Singapore, Japan, and Sydney.

We are guided by a set of values that are at the core of our actions and define our culture: Trust, Customer Obsession, Craftsmanship, Intensity, and Family. These values are the foundation of our work, and we are committed to upholding them in everything we do.

Our co-founders are Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor. Bret currently serves as Board Chair of OpenAI. Previously, he was co-CEO of Salesforce (which had acquired the company he founded, Quip) and CTO of Facebook. Bret was also one of Google's earliest product managers and co-creator of Google Maps. Before founding Sierra, Clay spent 18 years at Google, where he most recently led Google Labs. Earlier, he started and led Google’s AR/VR effort, Project Starline, and Google Lens. Before that, Clay led the product and design teams for Google Workspace. 

What you’ll do

Full Employee Lifecycle: Manage all aspects of the employee lifecycle, including pre-boarding, onboarding, Sierra 101 & 102 programs, offboarding, and employee changes, with a strong focus on creating a seamless employee experience.

Process Design & Improvements: Define and refine People processes and best practices. As an early member of our Operations team, you’ll have the opportunity to build our People playbook and continuously optimize operations as Sierra scales.

Performance Management: Create and operationalize performance review processes and develop frameworks for evaluating and growing talent.

New Initiatives: Lead employee engagement initiatives such as surveys, knowledge wikis, learning & development programs, and other people-focused programs.

Systems & Tools: Manage HR systems, build and maintain operational dashboards to track key People metrics, and help bring on systems and tools in the future.

Compliance: Ensure HR policies and practices comply with all federal, state, and local regulations. Maintain accurate employee records and documentation. Support audits and reporting requirements, and help develop training and communication to keep the organization aligned with egal and regulatory standards.

What you’ll bring

8+ years of proven experience in Human Resources, People Operations, or related operational roles.

Exceptional communication and relationship-building skills, with the ability to listen, understand, and deliver solutions for employees and business partners.

Strong project management skills: detail, process-oriented, systems thinker, able to manage shifting priorities in a fast-paced environment.

Highly collaborative, capable of working with diverse stakeholders, and developing practical, scalable solutions for people-related topics.

Self-driven operator and a willingness to think outside the box to move fast.

Experience scaling a startup, with a proven ability to design and implement processes for a rapidly growing organization.

Even better…

Experience with People Analytics and creating dashboards (e.g., Tableau) to track trends and inform strategy.

Experience building databases, and improving HR operational systems.

Familiarity with emerging AI tools

Experience with HRIS

Our values

Trust: We build trust with our customers with our accountability, empathy, quality, and responsiveness. We build trust in AI by making it more accessible, safe, and useful. We build trust with each other by showing up for each other professionally and personally, creating an environment that enables all of us to do our best work.

Customer Obsession: We deeply understand our customers’ business goals and relentlessly focus on driving outcomes, not just technical milestones. Everyone at the company knows and spends time with our customers. When our customer is having an issue, we drop everything and fix it.

Craftsmanship: We get the details right, from the words on the page to the system architecture. We have good taste. When we notice something isn’t right, we take the time to fix it. We are proud of the products we produce. We continuously self-reflect to continuously self-improve.

Intensity: We know we don’t have the luxury of patience. We play to win. We care about our product being the best, and when it isn’t, we fix it. When we fail, we talk about it openly and without blame so we succeed the next time.

Family: We know that balance and intensity are compatible, and we model it in our actions and processes. We are the best technology company for parents. We support and respect each other and celebrate each other’s personal and professional achievements.

What we offer

We want our benefits to reflect our values and offer the following to full-time employees:

Flexible (unlimited) paid time off

Medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your family

Life insurance and disability benefits

Retirement plan dependent on country of employment

Parental leave

Fertility and family building benefits through Carrot

Lunch, as well as delicious snacks and coffee to keep you energized 

Discretionary benefit stipend giving people the ability to spend where it matters most

Free alphorn lessons

These benefits are further detailed in Sierra's policies, may vary by region, and are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefits plans. Eligible full-time employees can participate in Sierra's equity plans subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies.

Be you, with us

We're working to bring the transformative power of AI to every organization in the world. To do so, it is important to us that the diversity of our employees represents the diversity of our customers. We believe that our work and culture are better when we encourage, support, and respect different skills and experiences represented within our team. We encourage you to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. We strive to evaluate all applicants consistently without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.

Apply for this Job
Powered by 

Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure