Our Analysts deliver insightful, data-powered strategies and actionable recommendations that help clients address their most complex business challenges. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams-working alongside leaders and professionals with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We foster a collaborative, inclusive culture that values diversity and leverages our collective talent to deliver lasting value through strategic and operational improvements.

At Deloitte, we tackle challenges across strategy, operations, financial management, supply chain, innovation, and growth, aiming to enhance our clients' business performance, productivity, and sustained profitability. As part of our team, you will play a key role in shaping clients' roadmaps for the future-harnessing AI and data-driven solutions not only to solve technical challenges but to drive the behavioral and cultural changes essential for successful business transformation and achievement of strategic objectives.

Recruiting for this role ends on 08/30/2026.

Work you'll do

As an Analyst on the Organization, Workforce & Change team, you will be responsible for:


Supporting strategy, growth, and transformation initiatives through research, analysis, and structured problem-solving to help develop recommendations for client and business needs
Gathering, organizing, and analyzing qualitative and quantitative data to identify trends, evaluate options, and support business case development
Preparing client-ready deliverables, including presentations, spreadsheets, summaries, and status materials, to communicate findings and recommendations
Coordinating work across project tasks and stakeholders, tracking actions and milestones, and supporting day-to-day execution of workstreams
Contributing to team problem-solving, insight development, and deliverable refinement while supporting project priorities in a fast-paced environment


A successful candidate would possess these skills:


Ability to work independently and collaborate as part of a team
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Meticulous attention to detail and quality of work product
Ability to build and sustain professional relationships
Ability to lead projects or workstreams
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Strong interpersonal skills and professional demeanor
Ability to meet deadlines
Ability to provide clear guidance to others


The team

Our Organization, Workforce & Change Offering shapes market-leading strategies and delivers impactful change to generate client value through the workforce. Leveraging data-driven insights and exceptional execution, our professionals collaborate globally to develop effective, people-centered solutions. We align client strategies with executive visions using innovative frameworks that enhance HR service delivery, drive operational excellence, and reimagine the HR brand.

Qualifications

Required:


Bachelor's degree Minimum one (1) year of professional experience in Strategic & Tech Change, Organizational Design, Workforce Strategy, Leadership Strategy, and/or Learning Strategy in a consulting or industry role.
Minimum one (1) year of experience developing and executing communication plans.
Minimum one (1) year of experience developing presentations using Microsoft Office Suite, demonstrating proficiency in PowerPoint (e.g., data visualization, storytelling) and in Excel (e.g., pivot tables, complex formulas).
Ability to travel 50%, on average, based on the work you do and the clients and industries/sectors you serve. Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.


Preferred:


Proven experience with prompting and/or building Custom GPTs in a workplace environment.
Active membership in at least 1 Human Capital-related professional organization; completion of at least 1 relevant course or certification; or attendance at a minimum of 1 industry conference or workshop within the past year.


The wage range for this role takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and other business and organizational needs. The disclosed range estimate has not been adjusted for the applicable geographic differential associated with the location at which the position may be filled. At Deloitte, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $71,300 to $140,600.

You may also be eligible to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program, subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors, including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance.
… more