Application: People & Talent HR Associate
Exit to job board
Application: People & Talent HR Associate
Résumé*
Total 1 file selected
resume.pdf
remove
File resume.pdf uploaded successfully
The résumé will be parsed to fill in the application details
First name*
Last name*
Email*
Pronouns
Add pronouns to your application so interviewers know how to refer to you when talking to or about you.
Current company
Phone number*
Location*
Cover letter
Total 0 file selected
Drop or select (.doc / .docx / .pdf)

Are you legally authorized to work in the United Sates?

Yes

No

Clear selection

Will you now, or in the future, require Visa sponsorship for employment at MyPlanAdvocate?

Yes

No

Clear selection

Are you bilingual (English/Spanish)?

Yes

No

Clear selection

Did someone at MyPlanAdvocate refer you? If yes, what is their name?

Would like to receive SMS notifications to the phone number provided about this job or other job opportunities relevant to my skillset. Messaging and data rates may apply.

Yes

No

Clear selection

Are you able to work a hybrid schedule in Salt Lake City, UT (approximately 2 days per week in-office)?

Select

Add comment

How many years of HR / People Operations experience do you have?

Select

Add comment

What best describes your Leave of Absence (LOA) experience (FMLA, ADA, parental leave, STD, state leave programs, etc.)?

Select

Add comment

Do you have hands-on experience facilitating new hire onboarding and/or Day 1 orientation for employees?

Yes, independently for exempt and non-exempt employees

Yes, some onboarding experience

Limited exposure

No

Clear selection
Add comment

Do you have hands-on experience with Form I-9 verification and E-Verify compliance?

Select

Add comment

Which HR systems have you worked in? (Select all that apply)

Rippling

Workday

BambooHR

ADP Workforce Now

UKG / Ultipro

Paylocity

ATS Platforms (Greenhouse, Lever, Workable, etc)

None

Other

Briefly describe your experience supporting employees through onboarding, leave administration, or general People Operations support.

U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)

Individuals seeking employment at our company are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.
Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

Gender

Select...

Please identify your race
Are you Hispanic/Latino?

Select...

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:
A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.
A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.
An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.
An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.

Veteran Status

Select...

Form CC-305
OMB Control Number 1250-0005

Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability

Why are you being asked to complete this form?

Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability.

Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out. If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way. If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.

Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years. You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier.

How do you know if you have a disability?

You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

Blindness
Deafness
Autism
Cancer
Diabetes
Epilepsy
HIV/AIDS
Schizophrenia
Muscular dystrophy
Cerebral palsy
Multiple sclerosis (MS)
Major depression
Bipolar disorder
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Obsessive compulsive disorder
Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation)
Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair
Disability Status

Select...

Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Check Yes or No to indicate your agreement to receive text message updates from MyPlanAdvocate regarding your job application. Frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Reply HELP for assistance. Reply STOP to opt out of future messaging.

Yes - I consent to receiving text messages

No - I do not consent to receiving text messages

By clicking "Apply" you agree to Rippling's Terms of Service and User Privacy Notice.

Apply

Apply - People & Talent HR Associate