Family Resource Home Care
HR Generalist
Clackamas, OR

About the job

The HR Generalist is responsible for performing HR-related duties on a professional level and works closely with senior HR management and operations in supporting designated HR programs.

Duties And Responsibilities


 Performs routine tasks required to administer and execute human resource programs including but not limited to compensation, benefits and leave; disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; performance and talent management; productivity, recognition, and morale; occupational health and safety; and training and development.
Collaborate with operations managers in field staff employee relations and progressive discipline.
Attends and participates in employe disciplinary meetings, terminations, and investigations.
Assist in the development and interpretation of personnel policies and procedures.
Represents the company for any unemployment claims. 6. Ensures compliance with USCIS Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification; periodically audits Forms I-9.
Assist with the HR phone line, answering questions or referring them to the correct party.
Complete assigned tasks for employee onboardings and terminations.
Support HR projects and initiatives as directed by supervisor.
Any other duties as assigned. Position may also be modified to accommodate the specific needs of the assigned branches.


Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:


3 years of related experience
Demonstrated interpersonal communication, presentation, and organizational skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Technical proficiency in utilizing computers and generating reports
Excellent negotiation and conflict resolution skills
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines


Preferred Qualifications


PHR or SHRM-CP Certification
Bachelor’s degree in business administration, Human Resources, or similar
Experience in the health care field


Pay Range: $62,000-$75,000 / Yr

Working conditions

The HR Generalist will spend 95% of their time in an office environment indoors. This will require time both spent at a computer station for office work and standing for training. The rest of the time will be spent at venues for events or meetings. The usual business hours for this role will be Monday through Friday 8am-5pm, however this role will require some evening and weekends to meet job requirements. This position will require travel as appropriate, approximately 10% of the time.

Level of Supervision: General Direction.

Physical Requirements

Role may require frequent standing, walking, sitting, keyboarding, and driving. Occasional twisting, climbing stairs, stooping, bending, kneeling or squatting. Seldom work above shoulders, and operation of equipment. Position will require the employee to talk and hear. Lifting can range from frequent 10 lbs. or less to seldom lifting of greater than 50 lbs.

Direct reports 

This position will not have any direct supervision responsibility.

FRHC is an equal opportunity employer.
… more
