Mercury
Senior Design Operations Program Manager
Portland, OR

About the job

At Mercury, we believe that thoughtful design can change an ancient industry shaped by complexity, friction, and indifference—and that intentionality, care, and taste can marry power and beauty, form and function, where these concepts are taken for granted. As we build a radically different kind of banking* experience, design isn’t an aesthetic layer added at the end. It’s how our products are shaped, how decisions are made, and how customers experience us every day.

Design at Mercury is a team of 40+ curious, supportive, and thoughtful designers. We’re looking for a Senior Design Operations Program Manager to join us, reporting to the Head of Design Operations to support our growing design org. In this role, you’ll help build the programs and processes that make life better for our design team, whether that’s improving onboarding, refining ways of working, or organizing team off-sites. Our focus is to improve the quality, efficiency, and impact of Design.

You’ll be an advocate for team health and happiness, always seeking opportunities to improve how we work and deliver an exceptional user experience for Mercury’s users. This role blends strategy and execution, giving you ownership from concept to delivery while collaborating closely with a diverse group of stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities:


Build simple processes and systems to ensure our Design org can scale effectively as it continues to grow year-over-year without unnecessary overhead.
Lead activities and initiatives that support a healthy design culture and quality goals such as all hands, onsites, and other team rituals.
Champion initiatives that elevate our employer brand and grow the Design team’s external presence through events, content, and community engagement.
Drive onboarding and enablement: Maintain and update onboarding programming in partnership with EPD Ops to ensure new designers ramp quickly and effectively.
Support tooling and workflow. Manage design tooling and partner with Procurement to secure new tools that improve efficiency, collaboration, and AI fluency.
Provide thought partnership to Design leaders, consulting and facilitating decision-making and collaborating on new ideas and initiatives.
Cultivate positive relationships with our partners to effectively identify and co-create solutions to address team roadblocks and inefficiencies.
Collaborate with designers, design leaders, and cross-functional partners along with partnering with Product Ops, Research Ops, and Eng Ops in supporting programs and processes across Eng, Product, and Design.


The ideal candidate for the role has:


3-6+ years of experience in a design-focused operations or program management role.
Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and communication skills.
Demonstrated high bar for quality and attention to detail, and fostering accountability.
Proven ability to influence without authority and coordinate across teams, product areas, and platforms to land new ways of working.
Demonstrated ownership of complex horizontal programs, including scoping, sequencing, making trade-offs, and engaging the right partners.
Ability to reflect, adapt quickly, and continuously improve in response to changing priorities and feedback.
Skill in anticipating and mitigating risks across people, process, and tools.
History of driving operational excellence by improving systems end-to-end, not just delivering individual projects.


The total rewards package at Mercury includes base salary, equity (stock options), and benefits.

Our salary and equity ranges are highly competitive within the SaaS and fintech industry and are updated regularly using the most reliable compensation survey data for our industry. New hire offers are made based on a candidate’s experience, expertise, geographic location, and internal pay equity relative to peers.

Our target new hire base salary ranges for this role are the following:


US employees in New York City, Los Angeles, Seattle, or the San Francisco Bay Area: $163,000 - $203,800
US employees outside of the New York City, Los Angeles, Seattle, or the San Francisco Bay Area: $146,700 - $183,400
Canadian employees (any location): CAD $154,100 - $192,600


*Mercury is a fintech company, not an FDIC-insured bank. Banking services provided through Choice Financial Group and Column N.A., Members FDIC.

Mercury values diversity & belonging and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All individuals seeking employment at Mercury are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected characteristic. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations throughout the recruitment process for applicants with disabilities or special needs. If you need assistance, or an accommodation, please let your recruiter know once you are contacted about a role.


… more
