Assistant Director, Advising - Human Resources - Reed College Skip to site navigation. Skip to content. Skip to Reed contact information. Reed College Toggle menu Academics Admission & Aid Campus Life About Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Families Alumni IRIS Login Directory Apply Visit Request Info Give Toggle search search Search Reed College Apply Visit Request Info Give Home About You + Reed Assistant Director, Advising You + Reed JOBS.REED.EDU Menu Staff Jobs Why Work at Reed? How to Get a Job at Reed Benefits Diversity About Reed Human Resources Home Assistant Director, Advising The Center For Life Beyond Reed Share this job Reed College seeks an experienced student and alumni advisor to be our next Assistant Director, Advising. This position is part of the Center for Life Beyond Reed (CLBR), a department focused on helping students develop purposefully and professionally from their first year through graduation and beyond. CLBR advisors are organized by a unique “ Communities of Purpose ” framework and embrace a holistic model of advising which integrates graduate school, careers, and fellowships advising. This is a great opportunity for someone with direct or tangential advising experience to join a dynamic and collaborative team of relationship-focused advisors. This is a full-time, exempt role with typical business hours of 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. with a one hour unpaid lunch. This is an on-campus role interfacing with students, faculty and staff. The starting pay for this position is $58,000 - $62,000; salary offers are dependent on experience and are determined in conjunction with an internal pay assessment. This position is in salary grade 5. Submit your application by July 1 for priority review and to ensure it is considered. Who You Are You are experienced in career advising, student-development, or adjacent/related fields; you can demonstrate how to support emerging professionals, and understand how to help students develop and move through transitions between on and off campus pathways. You are prepared to adjust to individual student needs and learning styles, including a track record of assessing individual needs using a DEI, universal design and/or interdisciplinary approach You are comfortable responding to students’ questions, and have the confidence to help students navigate their own uncertainties, define their purpose and narrative, develop a plan, and find resources that match their needs You have a proven ability to manage a large caseload and a rapid pace while sustaining your own wellness; you are comfortably and confidently able to adapt and pivot your priorities easily and help cover other advising or departmental needs, as needed You are an active listener with the capacity to synthesize, organize and reflect back information you have heard. You are committed to anti-racist work and can demonstrate how you have incorporated this into your professional life You are a learner and self-starter who embraces a growth mind-set to develop your own skill-set and understand workforce trends related to graduate school, fellowship, and career advising and departmental needs. You are a storyteller and strong presenter, adept at weaving qualitative and quantitative data to underscore the impact of your work with students to inspire and encourage greater participation from the audience at hand, whether students, faculty, staff, alumni, or employers. You use quantitative skills for tracking programs/students/outcomes, and can provide examples of your data-informed decision making as part of the strategic management of a program or policy. You are able to build sustainable developmental programs resulting in strategic change by collaborating with many stakeholders, including students, faculty, colleagues, alumni, and employers What You’ll Do Provide 1:1 advising to guide and support current students in wide range of successful post-bac outcomes Provide advising for fellowships, grad school, pre-professional programs, work, and internships Design and deliver programming for students and recent grads within assigned communities: Healthcare & the Cure of Illness; STEM Research and Innovation; Pre-Health Advising Coordinate and organize online content development for career pathways Maintain advising notes, events, and communication with students in assigned communities through designated platforms Collaborate with College Relations Advancement teams in programming for recent grads Review post-appointment survey responses for continual improvement of advising skills Engage faculty to deliver department specific programming Develop and maintain recruiting relationships and pipelines with key employers in assigned communities Track and analyze data trends on advising caseload, in collaboration with Associate Director, Data & Systems Minimum Qualifications 2 years experience teaching, advising, coaching, consulting, or other educational or professional development equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications Advising experience in any aspect of undergraduate or high school students' development including support for planning, career development, career advising, talent recruitment, internship management, academic advising, or life skills. Application Instructions Click the Apply Now button. You will be directed to Interfolio to create a free account and begin your application. A resume and cover letter are required. You can submit these documents in any format, but pdf works best. In your cover letter please address the following: Read the college's anti-racism statement and provide an example of how you've incorporated anti-racist work into your professional life. Applications will be considered as they are submitted so you are encouraged to apply early. Submit your application by July 1 for priority review and to ensure it is considered. Reed College replies to every candidate. We will confirm that your application is received, and if you are not selected, we will let you know as soon as possible. Apply for this job Background Check Requirement A criminal conviction record check is required for all college staff positions as a condition of employment for selected candidates. Employment offers are contingent upon the successful completion of this background check. A conviction does not automatically disqualify a candidate; each case is reviewed based on the nature of the conviction and its relevance to the responsibilities of the position. Reed College employment opportunities are in person and on campus. Therefore we do not offer remote positions. Reed Magazine Accessibility For those requiring a reasonable accommodation to apply : In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act (ADAAA), if you have a disability and would like to request an accommodation in order to apply for a position with Reed College, please call 503-517-4000 or email hr@reed.edu . Connect with us Facebook LinkedIn Reed College 3203 Southeast Woodstock Boulevard Portland, Oregon 97202-8199 503-771-1112 Getting to Reed Campus Map About Reed Job opportunities College offices Contact strategic communications & marketing Ways to give Reed Magazine Diversity, equity, and inclusion Sustainability Reed campus alerts Back to Top © Reed College YouTube Instagram Facebook Bluesky Submit feedback or concern Privacy, web & copyright policies Title IX policy Report a bias incident Reed College prohibits unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or familial status, military status, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local laws that apply to the college, in any area, activity or operation of the college, including in its employment policies, educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, housing policies, athletic programs, and other school-administered programs.