About The Role

The Human Resources Operations Generalist works to execute department activities and ensure the highest standards of data integrity across the organization. In this role, you will be responsible for the execution of all types of HR data management, workforce reporting, and advanced analytics functions. As the Human Resources Operations Generalist, you will provide exceptional data-driven strategies and translate complex workforce insights into actionable recommendations to help the continued growth of our fast-paced company. A-LIGN will depend on you as the Human Resources Operations Generalist to support management, serve as a strategic thought partner who challenges assumptions with data, and own complex problems end-to-end to drive measurable business outcomes.

The HR Operations Generalist will serve as a strategic thought partner who thinks critically before executing, ensuring every action is backed by data and purpose. Rather than simply taking orders, you will comfortably bring a clear point of view to the table and actively challenge assumptions with empirical evidence. Driven by intellectual curiosity, you will take complete, end-to-end ownership of complex problems, translating curiosity into actionable business outcomes.

Reports to

Senior Human Resources Manager

Pay Classification

Full-Time, Exempt

Responsibilities


Partner with employees and people managers on issues related to employee relations and performance management, providing thoughtful guidance in accordance with policies and procedures
Build, maintain, and continuously improve HR processes to support and scale the business
Proactively surface workforce risks and opportunities, frame the right questions, and recommend a path forward rather than waiting to be asked
Investigate HR data from multiple systems (HRIS, performance, engagement) with a critical eye to pressure-test the numbers, identify what they really mean, and challenge conclusions that don’t hold up to scrutiny
Shape HR policies and programs by bringing data, outside benchmarks, and a clear point of view to the table
Design and produce ad hoc and recurring HR analyses; ensure data accuracy and consistent methodology across all reporting
Provide HR guidance and advise leaders regarding legal and regulatory compliance of FMLA, ADA, FLSA, EEO, etc.
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of federal and state employment law and compliance requirements 


Minimum Qualifications

EDUCATION


Bachelor’s degree in human resources, business or other related fields  


Experience


2–4 years of experience in human resources, consulting, or professional services
Demonstrated experience in analytics and reporting, with a solid understanding of the HR function
Advanced knowledge of computer software programs (e.g., MS Office and other relevant software as identified) and willingness to learn new HRIS systems 


Skills


Confident and professional presence as is a business-facing role that regularly interacts with leaders
Exceptional attention to detail and a highly analytical mindset
Ability to identify trends, anomalies, and patterns in large data sets and translate them into clear business recommendations
Intellectual curiosity and a bias toward asking “why” before accepting the obvious answer
Ownership mindset - take problems from ambiguous question to clear recommendation without needing to be directed at each step
Advanced Microsoft Excel capabilities
Comfortable using AI tools when appropriate (e.g., Claude, Copilot) to accelerate tasks, analysis, and reporting
Excellent judgment in handling confidential, legal, or sensitive information 


Benefits


Healthcare, Dental, and Vision Benefits
Employer Paid Life Insurance and Disability Insurance
EAP - Employee Assistance Program
Pet Insurance
401(k) Plan with Employer Matching
Competitive Bonus Structure 
Home Office Reimbursement
Certification Reimbursement
Personalized Career Coaching
Generous Paid Time Off
Paid Office Closure December 25-January 1
Vacation Bonus
Summer Hours 


About A-LIGN

A-LIGN is the leading provider of high-quality, efficient cybersecurity compliance programs. Combining experienced auditors and audit management technology, A-LIGN provides the widest breadth and depth of services including SOC 2, ISO 27001, HITRUST, FedRAMP, and PCI. A-LIGN is the number one issuer of SOC 2 and HITRUST and a top three FedRAMP assessor. To learn more, visit a-lign.com.

Come Work for A-LIGN! 

Apply online today at A-LIGN.com and learn about life at A-LIGN by following us on LinkedIn.

A-LIGN is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Minorities, women, disabled, and veterans encouraged to apply!
… more

Benefits found in job post

Disability insurance, 401(k)