SALARY & FLSA: $31.37 - $47.05 per hour; FLSA non-exempt

The $31.37 hourly starting pay is structured to be competitive and may extend up to the $39.21 midpoint of the annual range, reflecting our commitment to offering competitive compensation to qualified candidates.

OPENING DATE: 06/11/2026

CLOSING DATE: 06/24/20 26 This position may close early if a sufficient number of qualified applications are received.

JOB TYPE: Regular, Full-time

UNION: Non-Represented

OPENINGS: 1

LOCATION: Hybrid (on grounds 3-4 days/week and remainder work remotely)

DEPARTMENT: People and Culture

Summary

The Human Resources Advisor provides expert guidance and operational support on employee relations, policy application, performance management, and compliance. In coordination with two other HR Advisors, you would support your assigned departments by fostering an inclusive, high-performing workplace.

MISSION DRIVEN WORK

Woodland Park Zoo welcomes more than 1.3 million visitors annually, connecting people with wildlife and inspiring action in the face of a changing world. As part of the People & Culture team, you play a vital role in fostering an engaged, inclusive, and mission-driven workforce that brings this purpose to life. When you support employees, you help advance our mission to save wildlife and make conservation a priority for all.

Who You Are

As our new HR Advisor, we know you will be successful in this role because you are:


A curious, solutions-oriented problem solver who digs into root causes, takes initiative, and finds practical, people-centered solutions, bringing both professionalism and a sense of purpose to situations. 
A trusted HR partner who combines strong knowledge of employment law and best practices with sound judgment to confidently guide employee relations, performance conversations, and policy decisions with integrity and care. 
A people-focused communicator who enjoys advising and building relationships, making complex HR topics feel clear, approachable, and actionable for leaders and employees alike. 
A highly organized, tech-savvy multitasker who keeps recruitment, onboarding, HRIS data, and operations running smoothly while skillfully managing multiple priorities. 


Your Primary Responsibilities


Manage end-to-end recruitment, hiring, and onboarding processes. 
Contribute to employee engagement, wellbeing, recognition, and DEAI initiatives. 
Provide HR advice to managers and employees on routine employee relations issues, including discipline, grievances, absence, and conflict resolution. 
Conduct workplace investigations and recommend actions aligned with policy and employment law. 
Interpret, implement, and communicate policies, procedures, and ensure compliance with legislation, best practices, and collective bargaining agreements. 
Assist with performance reviews, talent development, and learning initiatives. 
Coordinate training programs and support succession planning and career development efforts. 
Manage offboarding processes, including exit interviews and analysis of engagement and retention trends. 
Support reporting, metrics analysis, leave administration, and continuous improvement of processes and projects. 
Maintain accurate, confidential employee records. 


Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in human resources, Business Administration, or a related field (or equivalent experience). 
Minimum of 2 years of professional experience in an HR role with hands-on responsibility for employee relations, performance management, and policy interpretation. 
Experience supporting full-cycle recruitment, onboarding, and HR operations (e.g., HRIS data entry, reporting, leaves, or benefits coordination) 
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite 
Knowledge of HRIS systems 
Strong ethics and reliability 
Successful applicants must live and work in Washington State to perform this role. 
Applicants must be at least 18 years old. 


Preferred Qualifications


HR certification (e.g., SHRM-CP, PHR, or equivalent). 
Experience working in a unionized environment and/or supporting labor relations activities. 
Experience in a public sector, nonprofit, zoo, museum, or similar mission-driven setting. 


Benefits

The Woodland Park Zoo offers a comprehensive benefits package for full-time staff including:


Medical, dental, and vision HMO and PPO plans for you and eligible dependents 
11 paid holidays and 4 personal holidays  
Accrue 12 vacation days and another 12 days of sick leave your first year 
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)  
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)  
Tuition reimbursement  
Free zoo membership that includes zoo admission and discounts after 90 days  
4 complimentary tickets per year plus other discounts and perks   
Free staff parking  
403(b) Retirement Plan   


SELECTION PROCESS

Screening: We will review applications and may select some candidates for screening calls. We anticipate top candidates will participate in two rounds of interviews so candidates and the zoo can evaluate if our needs compliment one another.

Offer: Job offers are contingent on the verification of credentials and other information required by the employment process including the completion of a background check.

Application: Please include a resume with your application through our Zoo Careers site at zoo.org/jobs. Please be sure to list or upload copies of all relevant training and certifications on your application. The zoo may review existing application pools to fill this position or use this pool to fill future vacancies. 

This opportunity is open to all candidates that meet the qualifications. Woodland Park Zoo values diverse perspectives and life experiences. Applicants will be considered regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, marital status, disability, religious or political affiliation, age, sexual orientation, or gender identity. The zoo encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, 2SLGBTQ, people with disabilities, veterans, and those with diverse life experiences. Woodland Park Zoo is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodation in all its services. If you need accommodation in the application or interview process, please contact our recruiting team at careers@zoo.org.
… more