Oregon State University Jobs Portal | Academic Advising Specialist
Skip to Main Content
Toggle navigation
Home
Search Jobs
Job Alerts
Log In /Create Account
FAQs
Know Your Rights
JOIN + BUILD + STAY
Oregon Family Leave Act
Family & Medical Leave Act
Academic Advising Specialist
Bookmark this Posting
Print Preview |
Apply for this Job
Please see Special Instructions for more details.
When applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents: 1) A resume; and 2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position. You will also be required to submit the names of at least three professional references, their e-mail addresses and telephone numbers as part of the application process. For additional information please contact: Nicole Kent nicole.kent@oregonstate.edu We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability, protected veteran, and other protected status. OSU will conduct a review of the National Sex Offender Public website prior to hire. Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience. OSU is a fair chance employer committed to inclusive hiring. We encourage applications from candidates who bring a wide range of lived experience including involvement with the justice system. This job has “critical or security-sensitive” responsibilities. If you are selected as a finalist, your initial job offer will be contingent upon the results of a job-related pre-employment check (such as a background check, motor vehicle history check, sexual misconduct reference check, etc.). Background check results do not automatically disqualify a candidate. Take a look at our Background Checks website including the for candidates section for more details. If you have questions or concerns about the pre-employment check, please contact OSU’s Employee and Labor Relations team at employee.relations@oregonstate.edu .
Position Details
Position Information
Department
College of Forestry Adm (FOR)
Position Title
Academic Advising Specialist
Job Title
Academic Advising Specialist
Appointment Type
Professional Faculty
Job Location
Corvallis
Benefits Eligible
Full-Time, benefits eligible
Remote or Hybrid option?
Yes
Job Summary
The College of Forestry is seeking an Academic Advising Specialist. This is a full-time (1.00 FTE ), 12-month, professional faculty position. The Academic Advising Specialist will provide undergraduate students with advising toward retention and degree/qualification completion. These advising efforts may include orientation/supporting student transitions, academic success strategies, goal identification, course and experiential learning planning, and career considerations for Oregon State University’s diverse population of students.
The advisor monitors student progress and engages the student in conversation around strategies and resources to enhance their academic experience and works to resolve experienced difficulties. The advisor works as part of a team to achieve established goals in collaboration with representatives of campus services and community partners as appropriate, and they communicate with other University units regarding undergraduate academic requirements. The advisor may participate in various University, College, and unit-sponsored orientations and events, may also participate in prospective student visits and recruiting events, and engages in professional development activities for advisors. The advisor works with student information systems and various data files and sources and prepares a wide variety of reports using multiple tools. The advisor keeps abreast of University and unit policies, procedures, rules, and regulations to assist students in meeting academic requirements. In addition to direct academic advising, advisors may support other areas such as assessment, career exploration, early warning/proactive interventions, international student advising, connection to university resources, and working with students in academic difficulty. All advisor positions support the primary mission of the University, the academic units, and academic services.
Why OSU?
Working for Oregon State University is so much more than a job! Oregon State University is a dynamic community of dreamers, doers, problem-solvers and change-makers. We don’t wait for challenges to present themselves — we seek them out and take them on. We welcome students, faculty and staff from every background and perspective into a community where everyone feels seen and heard. We have deep-rooted mindfulness for the natural world and all who depend on it, and together, we apply knowledge, tools and skills to build a better future for all. FACTS : • Top 1.4% university in the world • More research funding than all public universities in Oregon combined • 1 of 3 land, sea, space and sun grant universities in the U.S. • 2 campuses, 11 colleges, 12 experiment stations, and Extension programs in all 36 counties • 7 cultural resource centers that offer education, celebration and belonging for everyone • 100+ undergraduate degree programs, 80+ graduate degrees plus hundreds of minor options and certificates • 35k+ students including more than 2.3k international students and 10k students of color • 217k+ alumni worldwide • For more interesting facts about OSU visit: https://oregonstate.edu/about Locations: Oregon State has a statewide presence with campuses in Corvallis and Bend, the OSU Portland Center and the Hatfield Marine Science Center on the Pacific Coast in Newport. Oregon State’s beautiful, historic and state-of-the-art main campus is located in one of America’s best college towns. Corvallis is located close to the Pacific Ocean, the Cascade mountains and Oregon wine country. Nestled in the heart of the Willamette Valley, this beautiful city offers miles of mountain biking and hiking trails, a river perfect for boating or kayaking and an eclectic downtown featuring local cuisine, popular events and performances. Total Rewards Package: Oregon State University offers a comprehensive benefits package with benefits eligible positions that is designed to meet the needs of employees and their families including: • Medical, Dental, Vision and Basic Life. OSU pays 95% of premiums for you and your eligible dependents. • Free confidential mental health and emotional support services, and counseling resources. • Retirement savings paid by the university. • A generous paid leave package, including holidays, vacation and sick leave. • Tuition reduction benefits for you or your qualifying dependents at OSU or the additional six Oregon Public Universities. • Robust Work Life programs including Dual Career assistance resources, flexible work arrangements, a Family Resource Center, Affinity Groups and an Employee Assistance Program. • Optional lifestyle benefits such as pet, accident, and critical illness insurance, giving you peace of mind and the support you need to thrive in all aspects of your life. Oregon State University is deeply committed to the principles of a Health Promoting University. This commitment drives a collaborative approach across OSU’s safety and well-being programs, reducing silos and coordinating efforts to enhance employee safety and well-being. By prioritizing resources that support the health of both employees and students, OSU fosters a culture of care and a healthier campus environment where everyone can thrive. 2025 Best Place for Working Parents® Designation! Future and current OSU employees can use the Benefits Calculator to learn more about the full value of the benefits provided at OSU .
Key Responsibilities
90% Academic Advising Direct work with students/preparation/file review/notes/record keeping. Guides student decision-making in coursework for general education, major/minor specific, elective, and qualification coursework.
Provide advising that helps students achieve timely degree completion and connect their skills, abilities, and interests with their academic and career goals.
Assist students with academic program planning, course selection and registration, resource connections, and exploration of experiential learning opportunities, while working to understand the individual needs, goals, and backgrounds of all advisees
Monitor academic progress of assigned caseload of undergraduate students.
Participate in proactive advising interventions and outreach to students from diverse backgrounds.
Clarify and interpret relevant policies and procedures to assist students in making academic planning decisions.
Assist students in understanding and applying academic regulations and requirements.
Help students navigate and utilize university resources and services that support undergraduate education and student success
Meet with students on academic warning and academic probation and conduct proactive outreach as needed.
Create and/or present student workshops on a variety of advising and student success topics as needed or requested.
Maintain accurate information and resources for students (e.g. sample-plans, website updates, advising materials, transfer guides, etc.) through effective use of recommended technologies
Maintain accurate electronic notes and records of advising appointments and student progress in OSU’s electronic record keeping systems.
Stay current on university policies and practices relative to academic advising and student success efforts.
Identify and participate in trainings and professional engagement opportunities to maintain currency relative to the position and support growth.
Seek university trainings and local, regional, and national meetings, as appropriate.
10% Other Duties as Assigned
What You Will Need
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
Demonstrated experience in a higher education student services setting, or related experience advising, counseling, or mentoring individuals in other settings (i.e., K-12 environments, non-profits, etc.).
Demonstrated commitment to educational equity in a multicultural setting and a commitment to advancing the participation of diverse groups and supporting diverse perspectives.
Outstanding demonstrated oral and written communication skills.
Demonstrated experience in establishing rapport and using other social skills (in large group, small group, and/or interpersonal settings).
Demonstrated computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite or similar tools.
This position is designated as a critical or security-sensitive position; therefore, the incumbent must successfully complete a criminal history check and be determined to be position qualified as per University Standard: 05-010 et seq. Incumbents are required to self-report convictions and those in youth programs may have additional criminal history checks every 24 months.
What We Would Like You to Have
Two or more years of full-time professional employment experience in a higher education student services setting, or two or more years of demonstrated full-time related experience advising, counseling, or mentoring individuals in other settings (i.e., K-12 environments, non-profits, etc.).
Professional experience assisting diverse populations and/or diverse learners, such as non-traditional, online, international students, and/or groups historically underrepresented in higher education.
Ability to communicate effectively in front of large groups and to provide presentations, workshops, and outreach programs.
Knowledge and application of retention practices, student development theory, and/or proactive advising strategies.
Experience with student information and/or customer relationship management systems (e.g. Degreeworks, Banner, Peoplesoft, Slate, Salesforce, Navigate, etc.)
Educational background or experience related to the discipline(s) to be advised.
Master’s or doctoral degree in Higher Education Administration, Advising, Education, a closely related field, or an advising unit related field.
Working Conditions / Work Schedule
The ability to work some evenings/weekends as needed to support College events is required. This position is based on the Corvallis campus and work is conducted primarily in the office. Limited remote work options (typically one remote day per week) can be arranged with the supervisor after successful completion of training and onboarding.
Pay Method
Salary
Pay Period
1st through the last day of the month
Pay Date
Last working day of the month
Recommended Full-Time Salary Range
$55,000-$62,000
Link to Position Description
https://jobs.oregonstate.edu/position_descriptions/155587
Posting Detail Information
Posting Number
P09980UF
Number of Vacancies
1
Anticipated Appointment Begin Date
09/01/2026
Anticipated Appointment End Date
Posting Date
06/08/2026
Full Consideration Date
Closing Date
07/19/2026
Indicate how you intend to recruit for this search
Competitive / External - open to ALL qualified applicants
Special Instructions to Applicants
When applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents: 1) A resume; and 2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position. You will also be required to submit the names of at least three professional references, their e-mail addresses and telephone numbers as part of the application process. For additional information please contact: Nicole Kent nicole.kent@oregonstate.edu We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability, protected veteran, and other protected status. OSU will conduct a review of the National Sex Offender Public website prior to hire. Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience. OSU is a fair chance employer committed to inclusive hiring. We encourage applications from candidates who bring a wide range of lived experience including involvement with the justice system. This job has “critical or security-sensitive” responsibilities. If you are selected as a finalist, your initial job offer will be contingent upon the results of a job-related pre-employment check (such as a background check, motor vehicle history check, sexual misconduct reference check, etc.). Background check results do not automatically disqualify a candidate. Take a look at our Background Checks website including the for candidates section for more details. If you have questions or concerns about the pre-employment check, please contact OSU’s Employee and Labor Relations team at employee.relations@oregonstate.edu .
Supplemental Questions
Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).
Documents Needed to Apply
Required Documents
Resume
Cover Letter
Optional Documents
VETERANS ONLY: Must provide proof of Veteran Status (DO NOT upload any unrelated documentation - information uploaded to this field will be removed once reviewed)
Copyright ©2024 Oregon State University Disclaimer Email Help Desk
Notice of Availability:
In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, Oregon State University publishes an Annual Security and Fire Safety Report covering each university campus location. The report includes important information about safety protocols, a wide range of current security policies, fire safety practices, helpful university and local resources, and crime prevention programs, as well as crime and fire statistics for the previous three calendar years. A paper copy of the report can be requested for no charge by emailing Clery.Compliance@oregonstate.edu .
To ensure the security of your data, you will be logged out due to inactivity in 3 minutes at
.
Any data not saved will be lost.
Click 'OK' to keep your session active.
