Skip to Main Content
 Welcome page
Returning Candidate?
Log back in!
HR Business Partner
Job Locations
US-Hybrid
Requisition ID 2026-39450 Position Category Human Resources Position Type Regular Full-Time Job Type Unclassified Administrative Department HR Salary Range $84,884.80 - $135,595.20 per year with offer based on experience, education, and internal equity FTE 1.00 Schedule Monday - Friday Drug Testable No
Department Overview

The Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) serves as a resource and partner for management and employees in their assigned client groups.  Ensuring equitable, consistent, and proactive partnership on people and culture topics in alignment with OHSU’s mission and organizational objectives. The HRBP is responsible for providing leaders with strategic consultation by aligning organizational objectives with employee and manager needs on cross functional matters such as performance, organizational design, change management, succession planning, learning, compensation and benefits.  Develops and collaborates on HR and organizational initiatives and strategies. 

Function/Duties of Position

Strategy:

Provide early and consistent input into large scale HR and/or organizational initiatives, identifying issues before they impact the organization and advising on appropriate course of action.  With strong understanding of organizational contexts, work with key stake holders to offer innovative and integrated HR solutions to processes that translate strategy into tactics.   
Work with senior leaders to define and design strategic initiatives.
Align HR strategies and practices with organizational strategies. 
Lead organizational redesign process in partnership with Organizational Development/Effectiveness team. 
Supports the organizational culture of DEIB and promotes our vision to achieve a people first culture. 
Communicate policies and procedures to employees
Anticipate and prevent future problems, taking initiative within role. 
Anticipate leadership gaps and build action plans to address. 
Understand business level metrics, use data to forecast current and future needs. 

Talent Development: 

Collaborate with the Learning & Talent/Organizational Development team to curate resources and opportunities that develop common competencies and skills. 
Lead talent review process in customer areas, support development and succession planning.   
Leader on-boarding including New Leader Accelerations.
Help leaders understand and action plan around Employee Engagement Survey.
Be well versed in survey related data points and provide coaching to leadership.
Understand and practice change management skills.  Assist leaders by acting as coach and leading teams through change. 

Other Key Partnerships/Processes: 

Lead and support client areas to achieve key Diversity & Inclusion metrics. Including involvement and coaching of local diversity councils and initiatives. 
Review HR-related policies, provide input in creation and policy updates. Act as a resource for managers and employees regarding policy interpretation. 
Partner with Talent Acquisition (TA) on department Workforce Planning. Participate in recruitment planning and process for roles at the Management level and above.   
Drive engagement initiatives and understand benefit and wellness plans. 
Lead compensation change initiatives with customers. Partner with Compensation team to resolve concerns brought forward by the organization.  Lead work around reorganizations, reclassifications, job description reviews, resolves issues, and communicate changes to leaders. 
Employee Relations:  Partner with Advice and Counsel Center (ACC) on performance and departure issues, especially at higher levels in the organization, and in areas with high level of turnover.  Partner with ACC members with high-risk cases.  Review issues and metrics and advice as to trends and needed remedies. 
Other duties as needed assigned by the organization. 
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in business, HR or related field (plus 3 years progressively responsible HR experience preferred), or 7-10 years of progressively responsible HR generalist work experience. 
Experience executing HR programs in a heavily unionized environment with demonstrated knowledge of labor laws and contract administration.  
Demonstrated experience and a passion for strong collaboration with others. 
Ability to add value and improve overall effectiveness of the organization and teams. 
Strong relationship building skills. 
Effective conflict resolution skills and the ability to navigate complex situations. 
Comfortable in ambiguity and can pull relevant components out of complex situations to connect the dots and make sound decisions. 
Expert-level knowledge of federal, state, and local employment laws.  
Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain an equitable and inclusive workplace through interactions, decisions, and recommendations. 
Effective, clear, and culturally aware communication verbally and in writing; ability to draft concise and factually accurate reports and documents.  
Knowledge of how HR data informs equitable decision-making

Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in any field
Academic and/or healthcare industry experience is helpful but is not required. 
Society for Human Resources Management Certified Professional (SHRM-CP), or Professional in Human Resources (PHR), or Certified Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP). 
Additional Details
Hybrid Work Model Expectations: Average 3 day's a week on-site with potential of working up to 5 day's a week at times.

Why apply to OHSU?

We are Oregon's only public academic health center. In addition to caring for patients, we lead groundbreaking research. We also train the next generation of health care professionals. As Portland's largest employer, we give you opportunities to learn and advance in a system of hospitals and clinics across Oregon and Southwest Washington.

All are welcome. OHSU welcomes people of all ages, ethnicities, genders, national origins, religions and sexual orientations. We are striving to build an anti-racist, multicultural institution and encourage people with diverse backgrounds to apply. To request reasonable accommodation, contact askhr@ohsu.edu

Apply for this job online
Email this job to a friend
Share on your newsfeed
Application FAQs

Software Powered by iCIMS

www.icims.com