The People Operations and Technology team at Chainalysis is focused on building a seamless, scalable, and data-driven employee experience. We sit at the center of the People team, enabling the business through thoughtful system and process design, automation, and insights.

Our mission is simple: make it easy for employees, managers, and leaders to get what they need, when they need it, through intuitive systems and reliable data. We’re increasingly leveraging AI and agentic workflows into how the People team operates to eliminate manual work, accelerate decision-making, and reimagine how the People programs are designed and delivered to the business.

In This Role, You’ll


Own and drive core operational and employee lifecycle programs from onboarding to off-boarding
Lead end-to-end program and project management across multiple concurrent initiatives, stakeholders, and timelines, ensuring high quality delivery and execution
Redesign and scale manual processes (e.g., probation period management) using automation, AI, and agentic workflows
Identify and implement opportunities to drive operational excellence and consistency across People programs and processes
Build and maintain the People team's internal knowledge base as a reliable, self-service resource
Support compliance and audit readiness, including SOC 2, regulatory requirements, and the employee handbook
Partner cross-functionally to drive key People initiatives (e.g., performance enablement) from concept through execution
Develop and maintain standard operating procedures (SOPs), playbooks, and process documentation for all core People workflows
Track and report on key People metrics (e.g., eNPS, time-to-productivity) to drive data-informed improvements


We’re Looking For Candidates Who Have


4–6 years of experience in People (HR) Operations or a similar program management role
Strong program and project management skills with a proven ability to manage multiple workstreams, stakeholders, and deadlines simultaneously
Excellent documentation, communications, and knowledge management skills, with experience maintaining internal knowledge bases (e.g., Confluence) across audiences
Strong process improvement mindset, with demonstrated success in identifying inefficiencies and implementing scalable solutions
Hands-on experience leveraging AI, automation, or agentic tools to redesign workflows and improve operational efficiency
Experience supporting compliance programs and audits (e.g., SOC2, worker classification, etc. ), including evidence gathering and control documentation
Track record of building strong cross-functional partnerships (e.g., Talent Acquisition, Legal, Finance, BizTech)


Nice To Have Experience


Familiarity with the technologies we use (see below) from an end-user or process perspective
Exposure to HR compliance across multiple jurisdictions (US, UK, EMEA, APAC)
Experience working in a multi-national, high-growth technology or startup environment
Project management certification (PMP, CAPM), HR certification (SHRM, PHR), or equivalent training


Technologies We Use


Workday
Ashby
Atlassian
Slack
Google Workspace
ADP
Activpayroll
Deel
Okta
Internal AI tools (emerging)


About Chainalysis

Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. That’s where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of what’s happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.

You belong here.

At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. We’re ensuring we keep learning by committing to continually revisit and reevaluate our diversity culture.

We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gender/gender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. If you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, don't hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We can’t wait to meet you.

Compensation Range: $97K - $161K