Skip to main content
Premera Careers
Sign In
Learn More
Search for Jobs
Program Manager IV, Skills Building page is loaded
Program Manager IV, Skills Building
Apply
locations
Mountlake Terrace WA
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 30+ Days Ago
job requisition id
R28487

Workforce Classification:

Hybrid


 

Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives 

Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. And so are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare.

Premera is committed to being a workplace where people feel empowered to grow, innovate, and lead with purpose. By investing in our employees and fostering a culture of collaboration and continuous development, we’re able to better serve our customers. It’s this commitment that has earned us recognition as one of the best companies to work for. Learn more about our recent awards and recognitions as a greatest workplace.

Learn how Premera supports our members, customers and the communities that we serve through our Healthsource blog:  https://healthsource.premera.com/.

The Program Manager IV, Skills Building is part of a collaborative and integrated talent team that helps build a culture of ongoing development and internal mobility at Premera. In this impactful role, you will:  

Support the design, delivery, and continuous improvement of our employees, starting with AI Learning Pathways
Update and design development programs—like leadership and skills training—using best practices and new methods to improve effectiveness.
Develop and facilitate impactful presentations and developmental initiatives in collaboration with business leaders and Employee Experience
Determine methods and approaches for evaluating the effectiveness of our development initiatives.

Ultimately, your efforts will help achieve our purpose of making Healthcare work better by ensuring Premera’s employees have the full set of skills and capabilities required to successfully manage towards business outcomes.

What you’ll do  

Collaborate with senior leaders and key stakeholders to thoroughly assess and identify the essential skills required for current and future success at Premera, then turn those needs into different learning experiences—such as workshops, forums, Q&A sessions, team-building activities, and online courses 
Combine your knowledge of adult learning principles with the diverse perspectives and expertise of others, to design and develop innovative developmental activities that are integrated into the flow of work   
Leverage your expert facilitation skills in virtual, onsite, and hybrid environments to deliver content and experiences that support people leaders at Premera  
Thoughtfully develop impact measurements that demonstrate the gains and value delivered by learning experiences  
Participate in or provide project management support for relevant new initiatives as they arise  

What you’ll bring  

Bachelor’s degree in organizational development, curriculum development, education, human resources, business or related area or equivalent work experience (Required)  
7 years of progressively responsible experience in learning and development, with 5 years of experience developing or delivering development programs to leaders  (Required)  
Background in training strongly preferred
Expertise managing multiple programs, projects, and initiatives through stages of development and implementation in collaboration with multiple stakeholders
Experience in developing and delivering learning programs through a variety of channels and experience with web-based content creation tools (Articulate360 and Vyond is a plus)  
Contextual understanding or experience as a people manager or leading teams that has helped you build a portfolio of effective developmental interventions  
A natural curiosity, collaborative spirit, and relationship-focus that has resulted in a history of problem solving while overcoming challenges  
A strong belief that encouraging input from diverse stakeholders and opposing viewpoints will result in a stronger final product  
Preferred incumbents will have a master's degree

Premera total rewards

Our comprehensive total rewards package provides support, resources, and opportunities to help employees thrive and grow. Our total rewards are more than a collection of perks, they're a reflection of our commitment to your health and well-being. We offer a broad array of rewards including physical, financial, emotional, and community benefits, including:

Medical, vision, and dental coverage with low employee premiums.

Voluntary benefit offerings, including pet insurance for paw parents.

Life and disability insurance.

Retirement programs, including a 401K employer match and, believe it or not, a pension plan that is vested after 3 years of service.

Wellness incentives with a wide range of mental well-being resources for you and your dependents, including counseling services, stress management programs, and mindfulness programs, just to name a few.

Generous paid time off to reenergize.

Looking for continuing education? We have tuition assistance for both undergraduate and graduate degrees.

Employee recognition program to celebrate anniversaries, team accomplishments, and more.

For our hybrid employees, our on-campus model provides flexibility to create your own routine with access to on-site resources, networking opportunities, and team engagement.

Commuter perks make your trip to work less impactful on the environment and your wallet.

Free convenient on-site parking.

Subsidized on-campus cafes make lunchtime connections with colleagues fun and affordable.

Participate in engaging on-site activities such as health and wellness events, coffee connects, disaster preparedness fairs and more.

Our complementary fitness & well-being center offers both in-person and virtual workouts and nutritional counseling.

Need a brain break? Challenge someone to a game of shuffleboard or ping pong while on campus.

Equal employment opportunity/affirmative action:

Premera is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Premera seeks to attract and retain the most qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law.

If you need an accommodation to apply online for positions at Premera, please contact Premera Human Resources via email at careers@premera.com or via phone at 425-918-4785.

The pay for this role will vary based on a range of factors including, but not limited to, a candidate’s geographic location, market conditions, and specific skills and experience.

The salary range for this role is posted below; we generally target up to and around the midpoint of the range.

National Plus Salary Range:

$111,900.00 - $190,200.00

*National Plus salary range is used in higher cost of labor markets including Western Washington and Alaska.

We’re happy to discuss compensation further during the interview because we believe that open communication leads to better outcomes for all. We’re committed to creating an environment where all employees are celebrated for their unique skills and contributions.

About Us

At Premera, we make healthcare work better. By focusing on improving our customers’ experience purposefully and serving their needs passionately, we make the process easier, less costly, and more positive. Through empathy and advocacy, we change lives.

As the leading health plan in the Pacific Northwest, we provide comprehensive health benefits and services to more than 2 million customers, from individuals to Fortune 100 companies. Our services include innovative programs focused on health management, wellness, prevention, and patient safety. We deliver these programs through health, life, vision, dental, disability, and other related products and services.

Premera Blue Cross is headquartered in Mountlake Terrace, WA, with operations in Spokane and Anchorage. The company has operated in Washington since 1933 and in Alaska since 1952. With more than 80 years of experience in the region, we deliver innovation, choice, and expertise.

Read More
Follow Us
© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.