Talent Development Specialist / Trainer - Social Services
Vancouver, WA, USA
Full-time
Company DescriptionA LITTLE ABOUT US:At Dungarvin, we are more than a provider of support services; we are a mission-driven team rooted in respect, inclusion, and person-centered care. Since 1976, we have been dedicated to enhancing the quality of life for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, including those with mental health, behavioral, or complex medical needs.Our mission is simple but powerful; respecting and responding to the choices of people in need of supports. This mission guides everything we do; from creating individualized service plans to building strong partnerships with families, teams, and communities.As a Dungarvin employee, you will be at the heart of that mission. You will help people live meaningful lives on their own terms; supporting their goals, honoring their choices, and empowering their independence.With services in 15 states, our team is united by a shared commitment to making a real difference; one person, one voice, one choice at a time.Join our nationwide family and let us help you achieve your unique goals and dreams.WE OFFER:
Compensation: $26.25/Hourly Fixed rate
Work Environment: Onsite. (5 Days in Vancouver, WA)
Team Culture: The team culture is collaborative, experienced, and mission-driven, with a strong emphasis on trust, support, shared accountability, and a genuine passion for helping one another succeed while making a meaningful impact.
Work Schedule: Typically 8AM to 5PM PST, Monday through Friday.  with flexibility as needed to meet night training schedule (rare—typically once per quarter or less)
Retirement Plan: 401K plan with up to 3% employer match after one year of service.
Insurance & Health: Medical, dental, and vision coverage (including dental for domestic partners), pet insurance, supplemental insurance options, and flexible spending and health savings accounts (FSA and HSA). Plus, 100% company-paid long-term disability and life insurance.
Time Away: PTO that increases with tenure, PTO donation options, and paid sick leave.
Employee Perks: National Brand Discounts, Employee Referral Program, Employee Assistance Program, and access to Tapcheck (get 50% of your pay before payday).
Job Mobility: Opportunities within Dungarvin’s 15 states of service.
Growth & Development: Access to career growth opportunities, paid training, certification support, and mentorship.
Mileage Reimbursement: $0.50 cents per mile. Some travel is required for intermittent overnight trips.
Job DescriptionThe Talent Development Specialist is responsible for delivering required training that prepares staff to provide safe, person-centered support. This role serves as the primary trainer for the Vancouver office, leading new hire orientation, facilitating mandated trainings, maintaining certifications, and supporting compliance efforts. They will also collaborate with other offices to deliver training, communicate training needs with staff and leadership, provide support to additional regional locations as needed, and participate in occasional multi-state virtual training sessions. You will spend most of your time training in person, with some virtual facilitation and administrative coordination mixed in.This is a highly visible, independent role where you’ll build strong relationships, facilitate engaging trainings, and play a direct role in shaping the employee experience from day one.WHAT YOU WILL DO:
Lead in-person and virtual onboarding and required trainings to ensure staff feel prepared, supported, and confident in their roles.
Conduct state-mandated, organizational, and recertification trainings using in-person facilitation and platforms such as Zoom, Microsoft Teams, and GoToMeeting.
Maintain effective classroom management, both in person and virtually, to support engagement and successful learning outcomes.
Track attendance, certifications, competency testing, and required documentation to ensure compliance with state and organizational standards.
Set up and troubleshoot training technology, including projectors, microphones, presentations, and virtual platforms.
Communicate with staff and leadership about training needs, support other Washington locations as needed, and participate in occasional multi-state virtual sessions.
This role is an 80% facilitation, 10% administrative, and 10% support role. About 95% of the facilitation will be in person and 5% virtual (will be for multiple states), with an average of 10-15 people for in-person training sessions.
QualificationsMUST HAVE:
Education and Work Experience: One or more of the following.   ◦ Associate Degree Option: Associate degree or higher in health or human services with six months of professional or caregiving experience within the last five years.   ◦ High School Option: High school diploma or equivalent with one year of professional or caregiving experience within the last five years.
Age Requirement: Must be at least 21 years old.
Physical Requirements: Instructors must demonstrate physical coordination and skill consistent with required trainings. This may include maintaining balance while moving or being pushed or pulled, kneeling, and the ability to push, pull, or lift up to 20 pounds.
Technical Proficiency: Skilled in using Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), SharePoint, and virtual platforms (Zoom, Teams, or, GoToMeeting).
NICE TO HAVE:
Learning Management Systems: Experience using Relias or Workday Learning.
Compliance Training: Background delivering state-mandated or regulatory training.
Population Experience: Experience working with individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities.
Large Group Facilitation: Comfort leading sessions with up to 50 participants.
Virtual Training Experience: Experience conducting virtual or web-based training.
Additional InformationSKILLS CRITICAL FOR SUCCESS:
Strong Virtual Facilitation Skills: Confidently lead engaging and interactive online trainings for diverse audiences across multiple states.
Excellent Communication & Interpersonal Abilities: Clearly convey information, build rapport, and maintain positive relationships at all organizational levels.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are essential, along with effective decision-making, time management, and organizational abilities. 
Organizational & Time Management: Effectively balance multiple priorities, manage schedules, and maintain training records with accuracy.
Adaptability & Problem Solving: Quickly address technical challenges or unexpected changes during virtual sessions.
Collaboration & Teamwork: Partner with other trainers and departments to deliver consistent, high-quality training experiences. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with a team in a virtual setting.
Professionalism & Initiative: Work independently, take ownership of responsibilities, and proactively seek ways to improve training delivery and engagement.
Technical Confidence: Comfort using learning platforms, presentation tools, and virtual meeting technology, including the ability to troubleshoot basic issues in real time.
Emotional Intelligence: Maintain composure, patience, and empathy when working with a variety of learning styles and personalities.  
WHY YOU’LL LOVE THIS ROLE:This role offers the opportunity to make a real impact by preparing and supporting staff who provide meaningful, challenging care every day. You will meet new people regularly, build relationships, and be a trusted presence as teams grow and develop. With a mix of in-person and virtual training, a balance of facilitation and administrative work, and the ability to work independently while being supported by an experienced Talent Development team, this role offers purpose, variety, and long-term growth in a mission-driven organization.IMPORTANT INFORMATION: At Dungarvin, diversity and inclusion are a part of what makes our organization strong. Together, we can continue to work towards an inclusive culture that supports our employees and persons served. Compass and Dungarvin are affirmative action and equal opportunity employers.Please note: The deadline for all internal job applications is two weeks from the initial posting date. #LI-MF1#DDIJ# LI-Oniste1/21