Take Home Exercise for Sales Manager
Context
Welcome! Stepping in as the Sales Manager for Interface. Tell us how you think about building a market from the ground up—specifically how you would generate pipeline, engage families, and convert them into long-term clients in the Bay Area. For this exercise, you can assume we provide a college counseling package for Grade 9, 10, and 11 students at different price points. The college counseling package includes a dedicated counselor and writing coach. We recommend spending 2-3 hours for this exercise. Please use any medium you find fit to address the following questions. 

Question 1
If you were starting in this role next month, how would you approach building the Bay Area market in your first 90 days? 
Please include:
Strategy
The target segments (e.g., types of families, schools, communities)
Where and how you would find and access these families
Key channels or tactics you would prioritize (events, partnerships, outbound, referrals, etc.)
How you would differentiate Interface in a competitive and sophisticated market.
Execution: Now that you have addressed the market segmentation and GTM strategy, can you tell us a few executions you want to focus on in the first 6 months to operationalize the plan:
Top 3 priorities and outline some initiatives
Tradeoffs of the top 3 priorities vs. other priorities
Question 2 
Please share with us how you will follow up with a new sales prospect after meeting them at our sales event. Prospect 1: A mom and teenage son (Grade 9) came to listen to our presentation, but did not stay for the free consultation session. You have the mom’s contact info (email, phone number, and WeChat handle). Prospect 2: A mom and a daughter (Grade 7).
Please include:
Prospect 1: Attach an example of outreach (email, message, or conversation opener) in both English and Chinese
Prospect 2: Your approach to following up and nurturing families who are not immediately ready. If applicable, please attach an example of outreach




Question 3
Imagine you’re speaking with a parent of two 9th-grade students at a top U.S. private school. They are exploring college options but are unsure whether to commit to our counseling program versus our competitors, such as InGenius Prep.
What 3–5 questions would you ask to understand their needs? 
How would you guide the conversation to build trust and position Interface effectively? 
What would you look for from the conversation to determine whether this is a strong-fit family?

Question 4
This is a high-consideration, multi-year commitment. Not all families will decide quickly. After a sales deal is closed, there is a lot of data about the student and his family that will be passed on to the counselor team and account management team to ensure a smooth experience during the onboard process.
How would you handle a family that is interested but hesitant on price? Explain your high-level strategy and execution.
As a college counseling sales manager, can you describe how you will work the deal when it moves through each sales stage? Can you describe how you will work with other teams, such as the counselor, during the sales and post sales process?
Can you describe your ideal handoff from sales to account managers for the student’s onboarding process? Describe the process and tools you would recommend.


