Apr 15, 2025

General Intro:
Professional with experience in HR, training & development, and Business Development
Passionate about utilizing my skills in problem solving, program development and partnership management to help companies improve the people experience, the business process, and expand the market
Currently as a Business Development Specialist at IGP, I have helped the company expand into new markets and achieve the highest revenues on the team
In the past few months, I’ve utilized my skill sets in vendor relationship management, training and presentation, cross-functional collaboration to help the company create new programs in collaboration with our trusted vendors, which resulted in 17 new educational programs.
A consistent theme throughout my professional journey has been my growth-oriented approach — along with my problem solving, project management, and collaboration skills —  whether that’s in the HR space or BD space.

What is your top accomplishment from your experience?
S: First year in BD, lots of cold calling, prospecting, and virtual and in-person conversations with new partners 
Organizational skills
A: Be strategic with my approach, that is essentially coming up with a plan, revising the plan with feedback from my work, my managers and partners, and continue to invest in professional development, such as reading books on negotiation and important skills in sales
Revise my pitch, my delivery, my emails, and a spreadsheet
R: Achieved the highest number of revenue on the team. And one of the calls my partner gave me positive feedback and even asked if I am indeed the founder of my company

What is your strength?
Proactive and quick to learn (immediately reach out for help)
Proactive: the manager effectiveness project at NextGen

I worked for a multinational on the HR Business Partner team 
S: Wide range of responsibilities including 
overseeing an entity integration project due to M&A 
A: I worked closely with many internal stakeholders, for example, the finance, procurement, and Mobility team. I found it key to simply reach out and ask questions over a call when I didn’t understand, let’s say, the immigration process for incoming foreign employees.
R: A a result, I was able to ensure that all stakeholders can meet the deadlines on a project and resolve the problem with my gained understanding in their work
R: My adaptability and fast learning pace also helped me succeed at organizations across various industries and cultures, from a fintech startup to multinational in renewable energy

What is your weakness?
While I’m someone who works well independently, I find myself most motivated when I work in a team. 
However, with my proactiveness and relationship building skills, 
S: At IGP
A: Reach out to colleagues, coffee chat, and or find remote work buddies 
R: More motivated, but also get to understand my company from the perspectives of sales, marketing, etc. with my relationships with others

Why are you interested in our company?
From what Yingying said: the company culture
Meeting daily (with the sales and marketing team)
You’ll know everyone 
CEO Rebecca “Ask about what you want to do”

Tell me how you handled a difficult situation?
S: A few months ago, our team went through a change in our responsibilities where additional work processes were added. 
There was a lot of pushback and complaints. More importantly, from my observation, there was a lack of transparent communication about the reasons for the change from the very beginning.
A: So, I approached my manager and offered to create a survey to gather feedback from the team, aiming to understand their concerns and help my manager manage the change while fostering more buy-in.
R: Analyzing the survey results, I presented the insights to my manager. He then called a meeting and communicated the whys and needs of the change and how it aligned with the business long-term goal
From this experience I really got to see the impact of feedback and open communication as a result of my observation and survey analysis skills. 

What does collaboration look like to me?
Clarity and understanding of other needs and potential challenges by asking the right questions
S: Currently, I’m helping my company expand by collaborating with other businesses. 
A: I learned that the best and frictionless collaboration comes when you really understand what the other party needs and cares most about. For example, once I was on a call with a language school who’s interested in a collaboration with us. Instead of proposing ideas around collaboration first, I asked them questions such as “How do you define a successful partnership? What made you interested in a conversation? What are some key challenges your organization is facing right now?
R: What they wanted is a more diverse offering of courses at their school. 

Why am I most qualified? 
In addition to my experience across various HR functions, I believe my organizational skills and growth mindset is what really sets me apart from other candidates. 
E.g. How I ask for more resources around negotiation at my current role

Questions for them?
What does BD work currently look like at Kyros AI?
Have a team that’s reaching out to partners, marketings, schools
What’s sets Kyros AI apart from other digital educational platform? 
What made you decide to transition from careers in tech to founding your own ed tech company?
What do you envision as the biggest challenge transitioning from selling college counseling online programs to digital platform services? 
Biggest challenges around people management and staffing?
Growth opportunities?
AI + educators -> the pushback they’re getting from educators (thinking that AI is going to take their jobs and the fear around AI tools)
What position does the company have in mind considering my professional background and skills?
What would the company’s expectation be for me?
Career growth opportunities? Career path look like?
How would you describe your company culture?
What do you value the most in your employees/team?

Apr 9, 2025
How long has the company been around?
Started in 2018 (under 50 people)
Membership 

Career growth opportunities? 


Biggest challenges in the market? 
Vendors and more partners 
Switch from college counseling to platform (digital platform)

Company culture?
Meeting daily (with the sales and marketing team)
You’ll know everyone 
CEO Rebecca “Ask about what you want to do”

Remote job?
Remote (online)

Sponsorship?


Sales side:
They want to expand the sales team
Also B2B
Helping hands BD partnership


2000*12

Talent, experience, why this role appeals to us.
careers@chaffinluhana.com 
Results driven and innovative, resilient , authentic, and compassionate 

