LOOK AT THE CAMERA, SOUNDS POSITIVE, STAY CONFIDENT
FOCUS ON WHAT I CAN BRING TO THE PROGRAM

General Interview Questions:


General Intro:
Professional with experience in HR, organizational development, and partnerships management
Studied organizational psychology
Passionate about utilizing my skills in problem solving, project management and data analysis to help companies like UMPC improve the employee experience and the HR processe
With my skills, I have helped companies develop employee surveys for continuous improvements, streamline processes for better onboarding experience, and develop training programs to create a more inclusive work environment. 
This growth-oriented approach — along with my problem solving, project management, and analysis skills —  is what I hope to bring to Tobii Dynavox
UMPC: Provide life changing care  

What is your top accomplishment from your experience?
S: As someone who is always seeking opportunities to contribute and help the company grow, I proposed a plan to a prior company and led a project to investigate the key contributing factor to improved employee engagement
A: Look into the annual employee survey and used my qualitative and quantitative data analysis skills and concluded that manager effectiveness has most impact on employee engagement
R: I organized the results into a report and presented it to the team. The findings were later presented to the C-suite and drew their attention to manager training as a key area of improvement. Even months after I left the company, I heard that the leadership continued to reference my project’s findings for ongoing strategy and improvements.". 

Which HR function are you most interested in? 
HRBP: 
While I have a diverse interest in the HR field, employee experience and engagement would be the one function that I’m most interested in.
I love because I get to utilize my data analysis skills, interpersonal skills, and problem solving skills to help improve employee experience
S: At my previous HRBP role, I enjoyed working on various projects including streamlining the onboarding processes across global locations
A: I interviewed stakeholders to understand their current work processes. Comparing their work flow with the global standard, I was able pin point areas that needed realignment.   
A: I developed a check list spreadsheet to help each functions better track their work process and collaborate with one another
R: I called a meeting, showing them a slide on the current process and what the newly aligned process would be, and explained the reason for change
Never heard a new hire showed up at the office without anyone greeting them 

What is your strength?
Adaptable and quick to learn (immedidtaely reach out for help)
I worked for a multinational on the HR Businesss Partner team 
S: Wide range of responsibilities including 
assisting in employee relations cases, 
engaging external vendors for training programs
overseeing an entity integration project. 
A: I worked closely with many internal stakeholders, for example, the finance, procurement, and Mobility team. I found it key to simply reach out and ask questions over a call when I didn’t understand, let’s say, the immigration process for incoming foreign employees.
R: A a result, I was ble to ensure that all stakeholders can meet the deadlines on a project and resolve the problem with my gained understanding in their work
R: My adaptability and fast learning pace also helped me succeed at organizations across various industries and cultures, from a fintech startup to multinational in renewable energy

What is your weakness?
I don’t have in depth knowledge in the medical industry as well as its products and services. 
However, with my growth mindset and relationship building skills, I believe this is a challenge I can overcome with all the learning resources and educational workshops at UPMC. 
My relationship building skill has also helped me learn from colleagues with expertise in their fields. 
S: For example, when I was working at a fintech company that does a lot of trading and research in crypto currency, 
A: I would constantly reached out to the engineers to better understand the technical skills required for the roles I was recruiting. 
R: The relationship I built with others helped me better articulate the job requirements to potential talents, my curiosity and proactiveness even helped the company build a library program where employees could submit book requests as learning resources for their growth and development.

Why are you interested in our company?
The company’s mission on providing life changing care and a focus on inclusion is what drew to the company. 
Exhilirated to learn more about the Center for Engagement and Inclusion (CFEI)
Leaders took the action to listen & engage via Employee Feedback
Recruitment and onboarding
Employee experience
Not just aligned with my value, but what I hope to help better
Just like how I helped other companies improve their talent development initiatives with skill sets in survey development, data storytelling, and program development
InGenius Prep, as a strategic partnership manager, I volunteered to help my tram develop a feedaback survey after observing potential areas of improvement and disengagement 

Tell me how you handled a difficult situation?
S: A few months ago, our team went through a change in our responsibilities where additional work processes were added. 
There were a lot of pushback and complaints. More importantly, from my observation, there was a lack of transparent communication about the reasons for the change from the very beginning.
A: So, I approached my manager and offered to create a survey to gather feedback from the team, aiming to understand their concerns and help my manager manage the change while fostering more buy-in.
R: Analyzing the survey results, I presented the insights to my manager. He then called a meeting and communicated the whys and needs of the change and how it aligned with the business long-term goal
From this experience I really got to see the impact of feedback and open communication as a result of my observation and survey analysis skills. 

What does collaboration look like to me?
Clarity and understanding of other needs and potential challenges by asking the right questions
S: Currently, I’m helping my company expand by collaborating with other businesses. 
A: I learned that the best and frictionless collaboration comes when you really understand what the other party needs and cares most about. For example, once I was on a call with a language school who’s interested in a collaboration with us. Instead of proposing ideas around collaboration first, I asked them questions such as “How do you define a successful partnership? What made you interested in a conversation? What are some key challenges your organization is facing right now?
R: What they wanted is a more diverse offering of courses at their school. 

Why am I most qualified? 
In addition to my experience across various HR functions, I believe my organizatinal skills and growth mindset is what really sets me apart from other candidates. 
E.g. How I ask for more resources around negotiation at my current role

How has your education helped me you?
Problem solving via data analysis 
Team consulting projects on HR related topics → relationship management and project management 
YouTube
GenZ needs and motivations 

Questions for them?
Communication and CRM support
Does that mean I will also interact with external customers in addition to supporting internal team by providing learning and training resources?
Reconcile learning (reports who has registered and attended)
Recording and reporting ASA
Process improvement needed 
Data collection → with the intent to improve
L&D local to North America 
20 people on the team

What would you say is the key to success at this L&D role?
Collaboration 
A lot of close collaboration
Checking your ego
What does the career path look like for this L&D?
Learning consultant
Design work, delivery of presentations, project management
Subject matter expert
Program manager
Except lesson design and delivery
Timeline 
Raodmapping 
People manager
Sponsors for programs

What kindo of resources are there to help me better understand the assistive technology for communication field, including the company’s products?
LMS courses


https://www.tobiidynavox.com/

A. JOB SUMMARY:
The Learning Operations Administrator will support North American Learning in key areas, including but
not limited to:
Professional accreditation reporting
oAssisting with American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA) and other accredited learning and reporting operations, as assigned
oResolving and validating all monthly ASHA and non-ASHA course completions
oAttend meetings with ASHA and other accredited learning and reporting operations, as needed
Training reporting and administration
oProcessing client and public live learning requests
oProcessing internal training and onboarding requests, as needed
oProcessing contractor invoices and providing reporting
oAssisting with event preparation and follow-up, including registration and distribution of materials
oProcessing and logging feedback; analyzing trends, and reporting results to appropriate Program Managers or stakeholder
oManaging, responding to, and resolving requests via email received either through learning@tobiidynavox.com mailbox of through the Learning Hub.
Learning Management System (LMS) support
oGenerating, aggregating, and reporting LMS statistics, trends, and feedback
oManaging and responding to all technical assistance requests on the LMS (log in, link errors, download problems, certificate printing, etc.) with the support of the team
oCreating, monitoring, and recording feedback from LMS discussion/chat groups, as assigned
oAssistance with Learning Hub platform maintenance and content deployment
Communication & CRM Support:
oAssist in managing Salesforce CRM database, including maintaining reports, dashboards, email cadences, and campaigns.
oSchedule and send email campaigns through Salesforce, monitor open rates and bounces, and adjust communications as needed.
oTrack performance of program related email communications and provide insights on improvements.
oMonitor and maintain Outlook inboxes, forwarding customer inquiries to relevant teams, and providing prompt responses with resources or answers.
oCollaborate with internal teams to ensure timely and effective communication with customers.

B. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES/COMPETENCIES:
Depending on organizational and customer needs, the focus on specific key responsibilities and
competencies for the Learning Ops Admin may vary and/or evolve over time.
Support team and Program functions
o Demonstrate a team-oriented, agile mindset with a focus on problem solving
o Learn and master management and reporting processes for various programs
o Demonstrate attention to detail in reporting, communication, and compliance tasks
o Adhere to evolving team processes, policies, and responsibilities with the ability to
document new processes, policies, and best practices as required
o Contribute as needed to the trainings and programs for internal customers to increase
knowledge of and develop skills and abilities inside of the programs you support
o Provide administrative support for key Learning Programs, as assigned
Support the Business
o Exemplify the desired culture, values, and philosophies of the organization
o Align with Tobii Dynavox’s strategic business objectives of Sales and Learning support
Other duties as assigned
C. QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience in working on or supporting a training development/learning team
Experience working in a project management environment
Demonstrated success in keeping a customer focus in a fast-paced environment
Understanding of LMS, blended learning techniques, CRM and related technology; able to
support LMS implementation and maintenance
COMMUNICATION & COLLABORATION SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Strong written and oral communication skills (English)
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others all levels within an organization and
externally
Work collaboratively as part of a team
Work and communicate effectively with a remote team
Discern issues and concerns of internal and external customers and provide steps to resolve
Remain calm, professional, and focused in a stressful environment
Demonstrate excellent listening skills
Communicate complex topics in a simple and straightforward manner
SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Provide a high level of customer service and support to key customers and learning initiatives
Align deliverables with marketing and brand guidelines as well as team and industry standards,
processes, and policies
Data management and reporting: Organizing data, identifying trends, reporting a story from the
numbers to appropriate program team
Demonstrate project management and strong organization skills while approaching learning
programs and training events
COMPUTER SKILLS AND ABILITIES
MS Office and 365 - PowerPoint, Word, Excel, OneNote, Teams, Outlook; ability to effectively
use Windows OS
Familiarity with learning management systems preferred
Familiarity with customer relationship management (CRM) systems (Salesforce)
Familiarity with popular social media sites and applications such as Facebook and Instagram
Cloud storage solutions (Box, Amazon)
Adobe Acrobat
Virtual meeting platforms (GoToMeeting, Zoom)
Favro or other project management tools
OTHER REQUIREMENTS
Takes ownership and accountability of all assignments and work
Self-starter; takes initiative and doesn’t consistently wait for direction
Excellent time management skills
Identify and prioritize goals and tasks to be accomplished
Facilitate group discussion (in-person and remote)
Quickly comprehend and demonstrate mastery of new material and subject matter
Excellent organizational skills; detail oriented
Compliance with all industry, business, and team policies, processes, and guidelines
D. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to see within normal parameters
Ability to hear within normal range
Ability to move about
Ability to speak clearly and audibly
E. WORK ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS
Work with interruptions
Keep up in a fast-paced work setting and meet deadlines
Work remotely while remaining collaborative with peers globally
Able to work flexible hours and weekends when needed to support business

