Amsted Industries
Human Resources Manager
Clackamas, OR

About the job

The Human Resources Manager at ConMet's Clackamas, Oregon manufacturing facility is directly responsible for overall administration, coordination and evaluation of the human resource function at our Clackamas manufacturing plant (union), and Vancouver, WA machining plant (non-union). The position reports directly to our Plant Manager and has one direct report.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Establishes and implements improvement projects to address key employee experience areas: retention, training & development, and culture
Works closely with local union to manage application of CBA.
Develops, recommends and implements personnel policies and procedures; administers the Corporate handbook on policies and procedures; performs benefits administration.
Conducts recruitment efforts in conjunction with our corporate recruiting team for all exempt, nonexempt, and temporary personnel; conducts new-employee orientations; monitors development planning, employee relations counseling, and exit interviewing.
Handles plant employee relations issues and coaches leaders/teams to handle these issues effectively. Strives to discover root cause and works with the appropriate people to improve systems.
Coaches managers on development and assists them in creating development and training plans.
Provides performance feedback to managers. Provides training and support to managers regarding performance feedback.
Administers Workers’ Compensation program: oversee claim activity and coordinate with the claims adjuster on any issues
Reviews accident reports, assist in accident investigation and corrective action review and assist in preparing safety metrics reports.
Provides HR related metrics and reports to the plant manager and various corporate teams.
Work closely with our leave management partner to track and approve leaves.
Evaluates reports, decisions and results of HR department and plant in relation to established goals. Recommends new approaches, policies and procedures to effect continual improvements in efficiency of department and services performed.

 

Key Qualifications

Five or more years of progressive HR experience (ideally to a level such as Sr. HR Generalist or HR Manager) required
HR experience in manufacturing or closely-related environment required
Experience working managing/negotiating collective bargaining agreement required.
Bachelor’s degree (or additional HR experience commensurate with knowledge attained through a degree) required
Payroll experience highly preferred
PHR/SPHR or SHRM-CP certifications preferred

About ConMet

ConMet, a division of Amsted Industries, is a leading global supplier of wheel hubs, aluminum castings, and structural plastics to original equipment manufacturers and aftermarket channels in the commercial vehicle industry. Founded in 1964, ConMet innovation has been critical in designing, engineering, and manufacturing revolutionary technologies for trucks and trailers. Today, ConMet products are standard equipment on most heavy-duty vehicles in North America and have a growing footprint worldwide.

ConMet is committed to creating products and services that align with critical customer needs. The development of more efficient products, processes, and technology that transform the way customers run and maintain their vehicles is central to ConMet’s vision.

Diversity & Inclusion Pledge

At ConMet, differences are not ignored, but celebrated. Our goal is to encourage a deeper knowing of our people, pulling out knowledge and experiences to ignite creativity. We are committed to achieving workplace equity by intentionally creating a work environment where all people are respected, accepted and have a sense of belonging.

Because people are what drive our success, ConMet’s Diversity and Inclusion program empowers all employees to embrace their individuality and share their abilities to further our innovations, thus improving the lives of our employees and customers, and strengthening our position as a leader in our market.

Compensation & Benefits

Excellent base salary and targeted annual bonus structure
Comprehensive employee benefits package, including medical/dental/vision coverage, life and disability protection
Innovative vacation plan
Participation (100% company paid) in the ConMet/Amsted Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP)
Company 401k program match
Wellness reimbursement

ConMet is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

 


Equal Opportunity Employer
 
This employer is required to notify all applicants of their rights pursuant to federal employment laws. 
For further information, please review the Know Your Rights notice from the Department of Labor.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)
