Oregon State University Jobs Portal | Academic Advisor/Coordinator Pool - 2025/2026 and Fall Term 2026: Integrative Biology
Skip to Main Content
Toggle navigation
Home
Search Jobs
Job Alerts
Log In /Create Account
FAQs
Know Your Rights
JOIN + BUILD + STAY
Oregon Family Leave Act
Family & Medical Leave Act
Academic Advisor/Coordinator Pool - 2025/2026 and Fall Term 2026: Integrative Biology
Bookmark this Posting
Print Preview |
Apply for this Job
Please see Special Instructions for more details.
Applications submitted to this recruitment pool are reviewed on an as needed basis throughout the 2025-2026 Academic Year and Fall Term 2026. Qualified applicants will be contacted when positions become available. When applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents: 1) A resume or CV; and 2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position; and 3) Personal Statement, uploaded as Other Document 1 (not to exceed one page), in which you: Reflect on any aspect of your identity, values and experiences that contributed to your professional path up to this point; and How you will contribute to promoting inclusive advising practices at our institution. You will also be required to submit the names of at least three professional references, their e-mail addresses and telephone numbers as part of the application process. For additional information please contact: Tara Bevandich tara.bevandich@oregonstate.edu 541-737-5336 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability, protected veteran, and other protected status. OSU will conduct a review of the National Sex Offender Public website prior to hire. OSU is a fair chance employer committed to inclusive hiring. We encourage applications from candidates who bring a wide range of lived experience including involvement with the justice system. This job has “critical or security-sensitive” responsibilities. If you are selected as a finalist, your initial job offer will be contingent upon the results of a job-related pre-employment check (such as a background check, motor vehicle history check, sexual misconduct reference check, etc.). Background check results do not automatically disqualify a candidate. Take a look at our Background Checks website including the for candidates section for more details. If you have questions or concerns about the pre-employment check, please contact OSU’s Employee and Labor Relations team at employee.relations@oregonstate.edu .
Position Details
Position Information
Department
Integrative Biology (SZO)
Position Title
Academic Advisor/Coordinator
Job Title
Academic Advisor/Coordinator Pool - 2025/2026 and Fall Term 2026: Integrative Biology
Appointment Type
Professional Faculty
Job Location
Corvallis
Benefits Eligible
Dependent: Hours Worked/Duration
Remote or Hybrid option?
Job Summary
The Department of Integrative Biology invites applications for full-time Academic Advisor/Coordinator Pool – 2025/2026 and Fall Term 2026. These are professional faculty positions. Applications submitted to this recruitment pool are reviewed on an as-needed basis. Qualified applicants will be contacted when positions become available. This position will perform academic advising and program support for Zoology majors (Ecampus and Corvallis campus) and/or Biology majors (Corvallis campus). The advisor may also support students with the biology minor declared. In the Integrative Biology Department, academic advisors typically work with students during their entire life cycle at OSU , supporting decision making about coursework and career development. The advisor will also participate in School of Life Sciences and College of Science recruitment and retention efforts. The Department of Integrative Biology is part of the School of Life Sciences and receives support for its academic program from the College of Science. The Department of Integrative Biology supports two large Corvallis Campus majors, Biology and Zoology, and an Ecampus Zoology degree. The department has developed an internationally recognized graduate program in conservation, evolutionary biology and marine ecology with faculty working in these areas at the level of the cell, organism and community. The Zoology major is one of the largest Ecampus programs offered and also supports a robust on-campus cohort. Ecampus at OSU offers over 85 programs available to be taken completely online through Oregon State Ecampus, which has been ranked in the top 10 online programs in the nation for the last seven years .
The College of Science provides a core instructional role at OSU , supporting the ideals of learning, discovery, and engagement that are the foundation of a land-grant university. Oregon State University is a comprehensive, research intensive public land-grant university. OSU is one of only two land-, sea-, space- and sun-grant universities with such designation in the country. Oregon State programs and faculty are located in every county of the state and investigate the state’s greatest challenges. As a land grant institution committed to teaching, research, and outreach and engagement, Oregon State University promotes economic, social, cultural, and environmental progress for the people of Oregon, the nation, and the world.
The College embraces instruction and research, in disciplines ranging from the physical to the biological sciences that are based in unbiased inquiry and a dedication to discovery and innovation. The College of Science is committed to partnering with industry and public agencies to address some of the most compelling challenges of today and tomorrow.
The College of Science supports three of the university’s world-class research centers: the Linus Pauling Institute, the Environmental Health Sciences Center, and the Center for Genome Research and Biocomputing.
http://www.science.oregonstate.edu
The Academic Advisor/Coordinator will provide undergraduate students with advising toward retention and degree/qualification completion. These advising efforts may include orientation/supporting student transitions, academic success strategies, goal identification, course and experiential learning planning, and career considerations for Oregon State University’s diverse population of students. The Academic Advisor/Coordinator takes on some level of program and/or initiative coordination as part of their responsibilities.
The advisor monitors student progress and engages the student in conversation around strategies and resources to enhance their academic experience and work to resolve experienced difficulties. The advisor works as part of a team to achieve established goals in collaboration with representatives of campus services and community partners as appropriate, and they communicate with other University units regarding undergraduate academic requirements. The advisor may participate in various University, College, and unit-sponsored orientations and events, may also participate in prospective student visits and recruiting events, and engages in professional development activities for advisors. The advisor also works with student information systems and various data files and sources and prepares a wide variety of reports using multiple tools. The advisor keeps abreast of University and College policies, procedures, rules, and regulations to assist students in meeting academic requirements. In addition to direct academic advising, advisors may support other areas such as assessment, career exploration, early warning/proactive interventions, international student advising, connection to university resources, and working with students in academic difficulty. The Academic Advisor/Coordinator coordinates and supports academic programs and special projects as assigned. All advisor positions support the primary mission of the University, the academic units, and academic services.
Why OSU?
Working for Oregon State University is so much more than a job! Oregon State University is a dynamic community of dreamers, doers, problem-solvers and change-makers. We don’t wait for challenges to present themselves — we seek them out and take them on. We welcome students, faculty and staff from every background and perspective into a community where everyone feels seen and heard. We have deep-rooted mindfulness for the natural world and all who depend on it, and together, we apply knowledge, tools and skills to build a better future for all. FACTS : • Top 1.4% university in the world • More research funding than all public universities in Oregon combined • 1 of 3 land, sea, space and sun grant universities in the U.S. • 2 campuses, 11 colleges, 12 experiment stations, and Extension programs in all 36 counties • 7 cultural resource centers that offer education, celebration and belonging for everyone • 100+ undergraduate degree programs, 80+ graduate degrees plus hundreds of minor options and certificates • 35k+ students including more than 2.3k international students and 10k students of color • 217k+ alumni worldwide • For more interesting facts about OSU visit: https://oregonstate.edu/about Locations: Oregon State has a statewide presence with campuses in Corvallis and Bend, the OSU Portland Center and the Hatfield Marine Science Center on the Pacific Coast in Newport. Oregon State’s beautiful, historic and state-of-the-art main campus is located in one of America’s best college towns. Corvallis is located close to the Pacific Ocean, the Cascade mountains and Oregon wine country. Nestled in the heart of the Willamette Valley, this beautiful city offers miles of mountain biking and hiking trails, a river perfect for boating or kayaking and an eclectic downtown featuring local cuisine, popular events and performances. Total Rewards Package: Oregon State University offers a comprehensive benefits package with benefits eligible positions that is designed to meet the needs of employees and their families including: • Medical, Dental, Vision and Basic Life. OSU pays 95% of premiums for you and your eligible dependents. • Free confidential mental health and emotional support services, and counseling resources. • Retirement savings paid by the university. • A generous paid leave package, including holidays, vacation and sick leave. • Tuition reduction benefits for you or your qualifying dependents at OSU or the additional six Oregon Public Universities. • Robust Work Life programs including Dual Career assistance resources, flexible work arrangements, a Family Resource Center, Affinity Groups and an Employee Assistance Program. • Optional lifestyle benefits such as pet, accident, and critical illness insurance, giving you peace of mind and the support you need to thrive in all aspects of your life. Oregon State University is deeply committed to the principles of a Health Promoting University. This commitment drives a collaborative approach across OSU’s safety and well-being programs, reducing silos and coordinating efforts to enhance employee safety and well-being. By prioritizing resources that support the health of both employees and students, OSU fosters a culture of care and a healthier campus environment where everyone can thrive. 2025 Best Place for Working Parents® Designation! Future and current OSU employees can use the Benefits Calculator to learn more about the full value of the benefits provided at OSU .
Key Responsibilities
60% Academic Advising Direct work with students/preparation/file review/notes/record keeping. Guides student decision-making in coursework for general education, major/minor specific, elective, and qualification coursework.
Provide advising that helps students achieve timely degree completion and connect their skills, abilities, and interests with their academic and career goals.
Assist students with academic program planning, course selection and registration, resource connections, and exploration of experiential learning opportunities, while working to understand the individual needs, goals, and backgrounds of all advisees
Monitor academic progress of assigned caseload of undergraduate students.
Participate in proactive advising interventions and outreach to students from diverse backgrounds.
Clarify and interpret relevant policies and procedures to assist students in making academic planning decisions.
Assist students in understanding and applying academic regulations and requirements.
Help students navigate and utilize university resources and services that support undergraduate education and student success.
Meet with students on academic warning and academic probation and conduct proactive outreach as needed.
Create and/or present student workshops on a variety of advising and student success topics as needed or requested.
Maintain accurate information and resources for students (e.g. sample-plans, website updates, advising materials, transfer guides, etc.) through effective use of recommended technologies
Maintain accurate electronic notes and records of advising appointments and student progress in OSU’s electronic record keeping systems.
Stay current on university policies and practices relative to academic advising and student success efforts.
Identify and participate in trainings and professional engagement opportunities to maintain currency relative to the position and support growth.
Seek university trainings and local, regional, and national meetings, as appropriate.
30% Programming/Function/Initiative Coordination Provides coordination or management of program or initiative as part of their responsibilities.
The following activities are shared across the Integrative Biology (IB) advising team and may or may not be part of the position in any given year.
Coordinate and facilitate the delivery and instruction of BI 197 Professional Development I: Health Professions first year course (1 credit, teach once per year) for Biology majors.
Grade academic advising assignment for BI 198 and BI 196 Professional Development I: Biology and Zoology first year course for Biology and Zoology majors.
Co-advise the Integrative Biology Club, some events require evening and weekend hours.
Coordinate the orientation process, including communicating with students and advisors, as well as collaborating with relevant university partners.
Create and send weekly newsletters for both of the student-facing department listservs.
Manage the communication outreach schedule for students and update email templates as needed.
Develop and coordinate peer-to-peer and professional development engagement opportunities for online learners.
Prepare and maintain advising materials such as program bulletins, websites, etc.
Participate in orientation advising and activities for new students.
Write committee letters for students applying to medical school.
10% Other Duties as Assigned
Communicate and collaborate with personnel in the Integrative Biology department, the College of Science, Ecampus, and across OSU , as needed.
Participate in student recruitment activities. Meet with prospective students and parents as part of OSU’s Visit program. Represent OSU and the College of Science at various college fairs, community college visits, and recruiting events for students from marginalized or minoritized communities.
Review Integrative Biology scholarship applications.
Participate in Integrative Biology faculty meetings and serve on Integrative Biology Faculty Committees as assigned.
Attend local, regional, and national meetings, as appropriate.
Promote diversity and support equity, justice, and inclusion in the Department of Integrative Biology, School of Life Sciences and College of Science programs, including participation in proactive advising efforts to support students from diverse backgrounds. This position facilitates a work environment that encourages knowledge of, respect for, and development of skills to engage with those of other cultures or backgrounds.
Serve on other university, college, school, or department committees as needed.
What You Will Need
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution.
Two or more years of full-time professional employment experience in a higher education student services setting, or two or more years of demonstrated full-time related experience advising, counseling, or mentoring individuals in other settings (i.e., K-12 environments, non-profits, etc.)
Professional experience assisting diverse populations and/or diverse learners, such as non-traditional, online, international students, and/or groups historically underrepresented in higher education.
Ability to communicate effectively in front of large groups and to provide presentations, workshops, and outreach programs.
Knowledge and application of retention practices, student development theory, and/or proactive advising strategies.
Outstanding demonstrated oral and written communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with a variety of audiences (i.e., students, staff, faculty and administrators).
Demonstrated computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite or similar tools.
This position is designated as a critical or security-sensitive position; therefore, the incumbent must successfully complete a criminal history check and be determined to be position qualified as per University Standard: 05-010 et seq. Incumbents are required to self-report convictions and those in youth programs may have additional criminal history checks every 24 months.
What We Would Like You to Have
Educational background or experience related to Life Sciences.
Two or more years of full-time professional employment experience in a higher education, student services setting.
Demonstrated experience coordinating or managing programs, projects, or initiatives.
Experience with student information and/or customer relationship management systems (e.g. Degreeworks, Banner, Peoplesoft, Slate, Salesforce, Navigate, etc.
Experience or skills related to the program/function/initiatives that this position leads related field, or an advising unit related field.
Working Conditions / Work Schedule
Occasionally helps with tours, recruitment and/or marketing events at various locations. Some evening and weekend work is required. In-state and out-of-state travel may be required.
Pay Method
Salary
Pay Period
1st through the last day of the month
Pay Date
Last working day of the month
Recommended Full-Time Salary Range
$61, 000 - $72,000
Link to Position Description
https://jobs.oregonstate.edu/position_descriptions/170819
Posting Detail Information
Posting Number
P09287UF
Number of Vacancies
Varies
Anticipated Appointment Begin Date
09/01/2025
Anticipated Appointment End Date
Posting Date
07/21/2025
Full Consideration Date
Closing Date
12/15/2026
Indicate how you intend to recruit for this search
Competitive / External - open to ALL qualified applicants
Special Instructions to Applicants
Applications submitted to this recruitment pool are reviewed on an as needed basis throughout the 2025-2026 Academic Year and Fall Term 2026. Qualified applicants will be contacted when positions become available.
When applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents:
1) A resume or CV; and 2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position; and
3) Personal Statement, uploaded as Other Document 1 (not to exceed one page), in which you:
Reflect on any aspect of your identity, values and experiences that contributed to your professional path up to this point; and
How you will contribute to promoting inclusive advising practices at our institution.
You will also be required to submit the names of at least three professional references, their e-mail addresses and telephone numbers as part of the application process.
For additional information please contact: Tara Bevandich tara.bevandich@oregonstate.edu 541-737-5336
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability, protected veteran, and other protected status.
OSU will conduct a review of the National Sex Offender Public website prior to hire.
OSU is a fair chance employer committed to inclusive hiring. We encourage applications from candidates who bring a wide range of lived experience including involvement with the justice system. This job has “critical or security-sensitive” responsibilities. If you are selected as a finalist, your initial job offer will be contingent upon the results of a job-related pre-employment check (such as a background check, motor vehicle history check, sexual misconduct reference check, etc.). Background check results do not automatically disqualify a candidate. Take a look at our Background Checks website including the for candidates section for more details. If you have questions or concerns about the pre-employment check, please contact OSU’s Employee and Labor Relations team at employee.relations@oregonstate.edu .
Supplemental Questions
Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).
Documents Needed to Apply
Required Documents
Resume
Cover Letter
Other Document 1 (see Special Instructions)
Optional Documents
VETERANS ONLY: Must provide proof of Veteran Status (DO NOT upload any unrelated documentation - information uploaded to this field will be removed once reviewed)
Copyright ©2024 Oregon State University Disclaimer Email Help Desk
Notice of Availability:
In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, Oregon State University publishes an Annual Security and Fire Safety Report covering each university campus location. The report includes important information about safety protocols, a wide range of current security policies, fire safety practices, helpful university and local resources, and crime prevention programs, as well as crime and fire statistics for the previous three calendar years. A paper copy of the report can be requested for no charge by emailing Clery.Compliance@oregonstate.edu .
To ensure the security of your data, you will be logged out due to inactivity in 3 minutes at
.
Any data not saved will be lost.
Click 'OK' to keep your session active.
